<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="pl" xml:lang="pl">
  <head>
    <title>Index</title>
    <link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body><h1>Index</h1>
<span id="book-page-503" class="page-marker"/>
<p>Complimentary IIBA® Member Copy. Not for Distribution or Resale.</p>
<h3>A</h3>
<p>Acceptance and Evaluation Criteria 217</p>
<p>Solution 134, 157 Approve Requirements 76, 95 Access to Information, Improve 154 Architecture Adaptability 197 Business 408 Adaptability and flexibility 376 Requirements 134, 148 Adaptive 400 Solution 385 Agile Extension to the BABOK 368, 370, Assess 372, 375, 376, 377 Enterprise Limitations 164, 177 Agile Perspective 368 Requirements Changes 76, 91 Agile Team Leader 372 Risks 100, 120 Alternatives, Define 262 Solution Limitations 164, 173 Analytical Thinking and Problem Solving 188 Assumptions, Risks, and Constraints 235 Analytics, Prescriptive 386 Avoid Waste 184 Analyze Current State 100, 103 Performance Measures 164, 170 Potential Value and Recommend</p>
<h3>B</h3>
<p>Backlog Management 220</p>
<p>Business Acumen 199 Business Analysis Core Concept Model™11, Balanced Scorecard 223 12, 22, 54, 76, 101, 134, 164 Behavioural Characteristics 194 Business Analysis Information, Benchmarking and Market Analysis 226 Communicate 54, 67 Brainstorming 227</p>
<p>493</p>
<p>Index Business Analysis Key Concepts 3, 11 Business Knowledge Models 267 Business Analysis Performance Business Model Canvas 236 Assessment 29 Business Outcomes 284 Business Analysis Performance Business Policies 29 Improvements, Identify 22, 47 Business Process 284 Business Analysis Planning and Monitoring 4 Business process coverage 384 Business Analysis Planning and Monitoring 21 Business Process Management Perspective 424 Business Analysis Tools and Technology 213 Business Process Model and Notation Business Analytics Requirements 385 (BPMN) 319 Business Architecture Perspective 408 Business Process Re-engineering 426 Business Capability Analysis 230 Business requirements 16 Business Cases 29, 234 Complimentary IIBA® Member Copy. Not for Distribution or Resale. Business Rules Analysis 240 Business Intelligence Perspective 381 Business Knowledge 199 Business Unit 284</p>
<h3>C</h3>
<p>Component, Solution 284 Capability 138 Concept Modelling 245 Cause-Effect diagrams 285 Conceptual Data Model 256 Change 22, 55, 77, 101, 135, 165 Conceptual Thinking 192 Change Strategy, Define 100, 124 Conduct Elicitation 54, 61 Collaboration Confirm Elicitation Results 54, 65 Communication 376 Conflict Resolution 210 Games 243 Constraints 235 Group 70 Constraints on the Solution 160 Knowledge Management Tools 212 Context 22, 55, 77, 101, 135, 165 Manage Stakeholders 54, 71 Continuous improvement 376 Collaboration and Knowledge Management Tools 212 Cost and time estimates 39 Collaborative Games 243 Creative Thinking 188 Collection, Data 335 Credible 298 Communicate Business Analysis Current State, Analyze 100, 103 Information 54, 67 Communication Skills 203 Tools 212 Tools and Technology 215 Verbal 204 Written 205 Communication and Collaboration 376 Communication, Non-Verbal 205 Component diagram 285</p>
<p>Capabilities, Identify 154, 184</p>
<p>494</p>
<h3>D</h3>
<p>Decision Trees 285 Collection 335 Decisions 267, 285 Conceptual Model 256 Decomposition, Functional 283 Dictionary 247 Define Flow Diagrams 250, 319, 391 Alternatives 262 Mining 253 Change Strategy 100, 124 Modelling 256 Structured 387 Design Options 152 Unstructured 387 Future State 100, 110 Problem Statement 262 Data Dictionary 385 Requirements Architecture 134, 148 Data Model Solution Options 134 Logical 257 Demand-driven 387 Physical 257 Dependencies 88 Complimentary IIBA® Member Copy. Not for Distribution or Resale. Data Models Dependencies between Requirements 160 Logical 391 Physical 391 Designing 284, 424 Decision Diagrams Analysis 261 Data Flow 250, 319, 391 Criteria 262 Use Case 285 Model and Notation 285 Dictionary, Data 247, 385 Modelling 265 Discovery, Substantial 426 Models 384, 391 Document Analysis 30, 269 Decision Making 189 Documentation, Informal 69 Decision Nodes 263 Decision Point 319 Domain Subject Matter Expert 17</p>
<p>Data</p>
<h3>E</h3>
<p>Ethics 194 Elements 158 Evaluate Alternatives 262 Elicitation and Collaboration 4, 53 Evaluation, Solution 5, 163 Elicitation, Prepare for 54, 56 Execution and Monitoring 424 Eliminate Redundancy 184 Expected Benefits 276 End User 17 Experimentation 403 Escalation Matrix 295 Experiments 61 Estimating and Forecasting 284 Expert Judgment 29, 273 Estimation 271 External Stakeholders 372</p>
<p>Efficiencies, Increase 154</p>
<h3>F</h3>
<p>Financial Analysis 274 Facilitator 364 Financial Analysis and Value Assessment 235 Feasibility 235 Flexibility and adaptability 376 Feasible 143 Flow diagrams 285 Financial 238 Flowcharts 319</p>
<p>Facilitation 207</p>
<p>495</p>
<p>Index Focus Groups 279 Frequency 168 Forecasting and Estimating 284 Functional Form Study Prototype 324 Decomposition 283 Prototype 325 Formal Documentation 69 Requirements 16 Formal Walkthrough 327 Future State, Define 100, 110</p>
<h3>G</h3>
<p>Glossary 286</p>
<p>Guide 416 Group Collaboration 70</p>
<h3>I</h3>
<p>Informal Walkthrough 327 Identify Additional Capabilities 154, 184 Information Technology Perspective 394 Complimentary IIBA® Member Copy. Not for Distribution or Resale. Identify Business Analysis Performance Information, Improve Access to 154 Improvements 22, 47 Input, Guide, Output, Enabler (IGOE) IGOE 319 diagrams 319 Impact, Solution 394 Inputs 142, 157 Implementation Subject Matter Expert 17 Integrated DEFinition (IDEF) notation 319 Implementation Team 428 Interaction Skills 207 Improve Access to Information 154 Interface Analysis 287 Increase Efficiencies 154 Interview 290 Industry Knowledge 200 Interview, Unstructured 290 Industry Structure 107 Interviews 290 Influencing and Leadership 208 Investigation 402 Informal Documentation 69 Item Tracking 294</p>
<p>IDEF 319</p>
<h3>K</h3>
<p>Key Concepts 4</p>
<p>Kinesthetic 190 Key Performance Indicators 297 Knowledge, Industry 200 Key Terms 11, 14 KPIs 297</p>
<h3>L</h3>
<p>Localization 303 Learning 190 Logical Data Model 257, 385 Lessons Learned 296 Logical Data Models 391 Listening 206</p>
<p>Leadership and Influencing 208</p>
<h3>M</h3>
<p>Matrices 138 Maintainability 303 Matrix Model 310 Manage Stakeholder Collaboration 54, 71 Measure Solution Performance 164, 166 Management, Risk Analysis 329 Market-oriented 309</p>
<p>Maintain Requirements 76, 83</p>
<p>496</p>
<p>Index</p>
<p>Model Qualitative 168 Conceptual 256 Quantitative 168 Logical Data 385 Measuring and Managing 284 Modelling 348 Methodology Knowledge 202 Conceptual 245 Data 256 Metrics and Key Performance Indicators Decision 265 (KPIs) 297 Process 318 Mind Mapping 299 Scope 338 Mind Maps 285 Workflow 325 Mining, Data 253 Models, Decision 384, 391 Monitoring and Execution 424</p>
<p>Measures</p>
<p>Complimentary IIBA® Member Copy. Not for Distribution or Resale.</p>
<h3>N</h3>
<p>Need 22, 55, 77, 101, 135, 165</p>
<p>Non-Functional Requirements 16 Negotiation and Conflict Resolution 210 Non-Functional Requirements Analysis 302 Net Benefits 276 Non-Verbal Communication 205</p>
<h3>O</h3>
<p>Options, Define 152 Organization Office Productivity Tools and Technology 212 History 273 Knowledge 201 Onion Diagram 345 Organization and Time Management 196 Operational improvement, Facilitate 395 Organizational Operational Releases 163 Change 184 Operational Support 18 Maturity 394 Opportunity Cost 185 Modelling 308 Optimization 284 Support 49 Optimizing 424 Unit 310</p>
<p>Observation 305</p>
<h3>P</h3>
<p>Paper Prototyping 325</p>
<p>Physical Data Models 391 Parametric Estimation 272 Pilot or Beta releases 163 Performance Assessment, Business Plan Business Analysis Analysis 29 Approach 21, 24 Performance Efficiency 303 Governance 21, 37 Information Management 21, 42 Performance Improvement, Business Analysis 22, 47 Plan Stakeholder Engagement 21, 31 Performance Measures, Analyze 164, 170 Policy Compliance 89 Personal Accountability 195 Political and Regulatory Environment 107 Perspectives 367 Potential Value and Recommend Solution, Analyze 134, 157 PERT 272 Physical Data Model 257 Predictive 254, 400</p>
<p>497</p>
<p>Index Predictive Analytics 386 Process Modeller 429 Prepare for Elicitation 54, 56 Process Modelling 318 Prescriptive Analytics 386 Process Owner 428 Presentation Programs 212 Process Participants 428 Presentation Software 212 Productivity Tools and Technology 212 Presentations 69 Project Manager 18, 428 Prioritization 311 Proof of Concept 324 Prioritize Requirements 76, 86 Proof of Principle 324 Prioritized 143 Proofs of Concept 163 Priority 39, 45, 294 Prototype Proactive Analysis 335 Functional 324, 325 Problem Solving 191 Usability 325 Complimentary IIBA® Member Copy. Not for Distribution or Resale. Problem Statement Definition 335 Visual 325 Problem Statement, Define 262 Prototypes 163 Process Analysis 314 Evolutionary 324 Throw-away 324 Process Analyst/Designer 429 Prototyping 323, 325 Process Architect 428 Process Benchmarking 426 Prototyping, Paper 325</p>
<h3>Q</h3>
<p>Quantitative Measures 168 Quality of service requirements 16 Questionnaire 350 Quantifiable 298</p>
<p>Qualitative Measures 168</p>
<h3>R</h3>
<p>Reactive Analysis 335</p>
<p>Review Single Issue 327 Recommend Actions to Increase Solution Technical 327 Value 164, 182 Reviews 326 Regulator 18, 428 Risk 88 Regulatory and Political Environment 107 Risk Analysis and Management 329 Regulatory Compliance 89 Risk-aversion 122 Requirements Analysis and Design Definition 5, 133 Risks 39, 46, 235 Requirements and Designs 11, 19 Risk-seeking 122 Requirements Architecture, Define 134, 148 Roles and Permissions Matrix 333 Requirements Classification Schema 11, 16 ROM 272 Requirements Life Cycle Management 4, 75 Root Cause Analysis 335 Requirements, Functional 16 Rough Order of Magnitude (ROM) 272</p>
<h3>S</h3>
<p>Scalability 303</p>
<p>Scenarios 356 Scenario driven 408 Scope Modelling 338</p>
<p>498</p>
<p>Index</p>
<p>Stakeholder List, Map, or Personas 344 Stakeholder Map 344 Scope of Control 338 Scope of Need 338 Stakeholder Matrix 345 Stakeholder Personas 344 Scope of Solution 338 Separation of Concerns 408 Stakeholder Requirements 16 Stakeholders, External 372 Sequence Diagrams 341 State 348 Service Level Agreements 303 Simulation 325 State Modelling 348 State Transition Diagrams 285 Simulations 403 Single Issue Review 327 Storyboarding 325 Strategy Analysis 4, 99 SIPOC 319 Structured 290 Solution 22, 55, 77, 101, 135, 165 Complimentary IIBA® Member Copy. Not for Distribution or Resale. Structured Data 387 Solution Architecture 385 Structured Interview 290 Solution Component 284 Subject Matter Expert Solution Evaluation 5, 163 Domain 17 Solution Impact 394 Implementation 17 Solution Knowledge 202 Substantial Discovery 426 Solution Options, Define 134 Sunk Cost 185 Solution Requirements 16 Supplier 18 Solution Value, Recommend Actions to Increase 164, 182 Supplier-Consumer 340 Specify and Model Requirements 134, 136 Suppliers 107 Sponsor 18, 364 Supply-driven 387 Stakeholder 22, 55, 77, 101, 135, 165 Survey 350 Stakeholder Engagement Approach 29 Survey or Questionnaire 350 Stakeholder Engagement Plan 21, 31 SWOT Analysis 353 Stakeholder List 344 Systems Thinking 191</p>
<p>Scope of Change 338</p>
<h3>T</h3>
<p>Timeliness 49 Team Implementation 428 Timing 168 Team Review 327 Tools and Technology 211 Teamwork 209 Tools and Technology, Productivity 212 Technical Review 327 Total Annual benefits 276 Testable 143 Total Costs 276 Tester 19 Trace Requirements 76, 79 Thinking, Visual 193 Transformation Rules 385 Time Management and Organization 196 Transition Requirements 16 Time Sensitivity 88 Tree Diagrams 285 Timelines 281 Trustworthiness 195</p>
<p>Teaching 210</p>
<p>499</p>
<p>Index Trustworthy 298 Trustworthy and Credible 298</p>
<h3>U</h3>
<p>Use Case Diagrams 285 Unstructured Interview 290 Use Cases 356 Usability 303 Use Cases and Scenarios 356 Usability Prototype 325 User Stories 359</p>
<p>Unstructured Data 387</p>
<h3>V</h3>
<p>Verbal Communication 204 Value 22, 55, 77, 101, 135, 165 Verify Requirements 134, 141 Value Assessment and Financial Analysis 235 Visual 190 Value Stream Analysis 319 Visual Prototype 325 Value Stream Mapping 319 Visual Thinking 193 Complimentary IIBA® Member Copy. Not for Distribution or Resale. Vendor Assessment 361 VSM 319</p>
<p>Validate Requirements 134, 144</p>
<h3>W</h3>
<p>Walkthrough, Informal 327 Word Processing Programs 212 Workflow Modelling 325 Workshops 363 Written Communication 205</p>
<p>500</p>
<h3>About IIBA®</h3>
<h3>IIBA Certifications</h3>
<p>International Institute of Business Analysis™ (IIBA®) is the</p>
<p>IIBA certifications are the globally recognized standard for independent non-profit professional association formed in 2003 business analysis. to serve the growing field of business analysis. Many certifications in the business analysis space cover the core As the voice of the business analysis community, IIBA supports skills of requirements engineering and management, but IIBA the recognition of the profession, and works to maintain certifications go beyond those basics to deliver unique value. standards for the practice and certification. Through a global IIBA programs address the need for business analysis network, IIBA connects Members, Chapters, Corporations and professionals to link strategy to execution, ensure long-term Partners around the world to advance the business analysis benefits are realized from a change, and integrate innovation profession by <em>uniting a community of professionals to create </em> and process improvement with technology change. This means <em>better business outcomes</em>. Complimentary IIBA® Member Copy. Not for Distribution or Resale. that professionals certified by IIBA are able to contribute to the For individuals working in a broad range of roles – business success of the entire business, not just help a project deliver on analysis, systems analysis, requirements analysis, project time, on scope, and on budget. management, consulting, process improvement and more – IIBA certification offers many benefits, including: IIBA provides the resources to help you enhance your career and</p>
<ul/>
<li>Establishment and implementation of best practices in advance your career path. business analysis by individuals acknowledged as As an IIBA Member, business analysis professionals gain knowledgeable and skilled. extensive access to insight, knowledge and support. IIBA can </li>
<li>More reliable, higher quality results produced with help you create a professional career path through the ability to increased efficiency and consistency. grow a variety of skills. Member benefits include:</li>
<li>Recognition as a business analysis professional to </li>
<li>Access to essential tools and knowledge, including colleagues, clients and business stakeholders. webinars, quick tips, best practices, online library and newsletters.</li>
<li>Professional development and recognition for experienced business analysis professionals.</li>
<li>Connections to a global network of learning and collaboration.</li>
<li>Demonstrated commitment to the field of business analysis, which is increasingly recognized as vital to all </li>
<li>Opportunity to engage a community of professionals areas of business. and grow at a local level through your IIBA Chapter.</li>
<li>Support in achieving success, recognition and opportunity in your career.</li>
<li>Free access to PDF and eBook editions of the <em>BABOK</em><em>®</em><em> </em> <em>Guide.</em></li>
<li>Discounted fee for IIBA certification exam. You can gain even greater value through participation in your local IIBA Chapter. By joining a Chapter, you can also access additional tools and resources and you will have the opportunity to participate in events, study groups and general interest groups. To become an IIBA member, visit iiba.org/Membership. To find your local Chapter, visit iiba.org/Chapter.</li>

<p>502</p>
<h3>STRATEGY</h3>
<h3>REQUIREMENTS</h3>
<h3>SOLUTIONS</h3>
<p><em>A Guide to the Business Analysis Body of Knowledge</em><em>®</em><em> </em></p>
<p>This thoroughly revised and updated version includes: <em>(BABOK</em><em>® </em><em>Guide)</em> is the only globally recognized</p>
<ul/>
<li>A concept model that unifi es ideas and terminology standard of practice for business analysis. Developed across business analysis disciplines. through a rigorous consensus-driven standards process, the <em>BABOK</em><em>®</em><em> Guide</em><em> </em>incorporates the collective </li>
<li>Restructured knowledge areas to support business wisdom and experience of experts in the fi eld from analysis at every level from small tactical initiatives to around the world. major business transformations. Previous editions have guided hundreds of thousands </li>
<li>Five perspectives covering the most prominent of professionals in their work, and it has been adopted business analysis disciplines and demonstrating how by hundreds of enterprises as the basis of their to apply the knowledge areas in different situations. business analysis practice. </li>
<li>Coverage of new business analysis techniques that This latest version of the guide extends its scope have gained wide acceptance in the community. beyond business analysis in projects to address agile </li>
<li>Updated and revised content in every knowledge development, business process management, business area and more! intelligence, and business architecture. Whether you are considering starting a career in business analysis, or you are an experienced professional in the fi eld, the <em>BABOK</em><em>®</em><em> Guide</em> is your key resource to help you and your stakeholders discover opportunities for business success, deliver successful organizational change, and create business value.</li>

</body>
</html>
