<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="pl" xml:lang="pl">
  <head>
    <title>Front Matter</title>
    <link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body><h1>Front Matter</h1>
<span id="book-page-1" class="page-marker"/>
<h4>v3</h4>
<h4>A G U I D E T O T H E B U S I N E S S A N A LY S I S B O DY O F K N O W L E D G E</h4>
<p><em>®</em></p>
<h3>BABOK</h3>
<h3>®</h3>
<h3>v3 A GUIDE TO THE BUSINESS ANALYSIS</h3>
<h3>BODY OF KNOWLEDGE®</h3>
<p>International Institute of Business Analysis, Toronto, Ontario, Canada. ©2005, 2006, 2008, 2009, 2015 International Institute of Business Analysis. All rights reserved. Version 1.0 and 1.4 published 2005. Version 1.6 Draft published 2006. Version 1.6 Final published 2008. Version 2.0 published 2009. Version 3.0 published 2015. ISBN-13: 978-1-927584-03-3 Permission is granted to reproduce this document for your own personal, professional, or educational use. If you have purchased a license to use this document from IIBA®, you may transfer ownership to a third party. IIBA® members may not transfer ownership of their complimentary copy. Complimentary IIBA® Member Copy. Not for Distribution or Resale. This document is provided to the business analysis community for educational purposes. IIBA® does not warrant that it is suitable for any other purpose and makes no expressed or implied warranty of any kind and assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions. No liability is assumed for incidental or consequential damages in connection with or arising out of the use of the information contained herein. IIBA®, the IIBA® logo, <em>BABOK</em>® and <em>Business Analysis Body of Knowledge</em>® are registered trademarks owned by International Institute of Business Analysis. CBAP® is a registered certification mark owned by International Institute of Business Analysis. Certified Business Analysis Professional, EEP and the EEP logo are trademarks owned by International Institute of Business Analysis. Archimate® is a registered trademark of The Open Group in the US and other countries. Business Model Canvas is copyrighted by BusinessModelGeneration.com and released under Creative Commons license. CMMI® is a registered trademark of Carnegie Mellon University. COBIT® is a trademark of the Information Systems Audit and Control Association and the IT Governance Institute. Mind Map® is a registered trademark of the Buzan Organization. Scaled Agile Framework® and SAFe™ are trademarks of Scaled Agile, Inc. TOGAF® is a registered trademark of The Open Group in the US and other countries. Unified Modelling Language™ and UML® are trademarks of the Object Management Group. Zachman Framework for Enterprise Architecture is a trademark of the Zachman Institute for Framework Advancement. No challenge to the status or ownership of these or any other trademarked terms contained herein is intended by the International Institute of Business Analysis. Any inquiries regarding this publication, requests for usage rights for the material included herein, or corrections should be sent by email to .</p>
</body>
</html>
