<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Important</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_147">
<p>7.1.3 Inputs results and creating representations of those results. When the focus of the specifying and modelling activity is on understanding the need, the outputs are referred to as requirements. When the focus of the specifying and modelling activity is on a solution, the outputs are referred to as designs.</p>
<h3 id="important">Important</h3>
<p>In many IT environments, the word 'design' is used specifically for technical designs created by software developers, data architects, and other implementation subject matter experts. All business deliverables are referred to as 'requirements'.</p>
<p>In addition to the models used to represent the requirements, this task also includes capturing information about attributes or metadata about the requirements. The specifying and modelling activities relate to all requirement types.</p>
<p><strong>7.1.3</strong></p>
<h3 id="inputs">Inputs</h3>
<p><strong>• Elicitation Results (any state)</strong> and may lead to the need for more elicitation to clarify or expand upon requirements. Elicitation and modelling may occur sequentially, iteratively, or concurrently.</p>
<h2 id="figure-711-specify-and-model-requirements-inputoutput-diagram">Figure 7.1.1: Specify and Model Requirements Input/Output Diagram</h2>
<h2 id="input">Input</h2>
<h3 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h3>
<p><strong>4.2, 4.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elicitation-results">Elicitation Results</h2>
<h2 id="modelling-notations">Modelling Notations/</h2>
<h3 id="standards">Standards</h3>
<p><strong>(any state)</strong></p>
<h3 id="modelling-tools">Modelling Tools</h3>
<p><strong>7.1</strong></p>
<h2 id="specify-and-model">Specify and Model</h2>
<h2 id="requirements-architecture">Requirements Architecture</h2>
<h2 id="requirements">Requirements</h2>
<h2 id="output">Output</h2>
<h2 id="requirements-life-cycle">Requirements Life Cycle</h2>
<h3 id="management-tools">Management Tools</h3>
<p><strong>7.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="requirements">Requirements</h3>
<p><strong>(specified and </strong></p>
<h3 id="solution-scope">Solution Scope</h3>
<p><strong>modelled)</strong></p>
<h3 id="tasks-using-this-output">Tasks Using This Output</h3>
<p><strong>7.2</strong></p>
<h2 id="verify">Verify</h2>
<h3 id="requirements">Requirements</h3>
<p><strong>7.3 </strong></p>
<h2 id="validate">Validate</h2>
<h3 id="requirements">Requirements</h3>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-137">137</p>
</section></body>
</html>