<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 Limitations</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_233">
<p>10.3 Balanced Scorecard</p>
<p>Balanced Scorecard aligned with current stakeholder priorities.</p>
<p>• Only items near the top of the backlog are elaborated and estimated in detail; items near the bottom of the backlog reflect lower priorities and receive less attention and effort.</p>
<p>• Can be an effective communication vehicle because stakeholders can understand what items are about to be worked on, what items are scheduled farther out, and which ones may not be worked on for some time.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• Large backlogs may become cumbersome and difficult to manage.</p>
<p>• It takes experience to be able to break down the work to be done into enough detail for accurate estimation.</p>
<p>• A lack of detail in the items in the backlog can result in lost information over time.</p>
<p><strong>10.3</strong></p>
<h3 id="balanced-scorecard">Balanced Scorecard</h3>
<p><strong>10.3.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>The balanced scorecard is used to manage performance in any business model, organizational structure, or business process.</p>
<p><strong>10.3.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>The balanced scorecard is a strategic planning and management tool used to measure organizational performance beyond the traditional financial measures. It is outcome focused and provides a balanced view of an enterprise by implementing the strategic plan as an active framework of objectives and performance measures. The underlying premise of the balanced scorecard is that the drivers of value creation are understood, measured, and optimized in order to create sustainable performance.</p>
<p>The balanced scorecard is composed of four dimensions:</p>
<h2 id="learning-and-growth">• Learning and Growth,</h2>
<h2 id="business-process">• Business Process,</h2>
<h2 id="customer-and">• Customer, and</h2>
<h3 id="financial">• Financial.</h3>
<p>The balanced scorecard includes tangible objectives, specific measures, and targeted outcomes derived from an organization's vision and strategy. Balanced business scorecards can be used at multiple levels within an organization. This includes at an enterprise-wide level (macro level), departmental or function level, and even at the level of a project or initiative.</p>
</section></body>
</html>