<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Description</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_097">
<p>5.3.2 Description <strong>5.3.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Prioritization is the act of ranking requirements to determine their relative importance to stakeholders. When a requirement is prioritized, it is given greater or lesser priority. Priority can refer to the relative value of a requirement, or to the sequence in which it will be implemented. Prioritization is an ongoing process, with priorities changing as the context changes.</p>
<p>Inter-dependencies between requirements are identified and may be used as the basis for prioritization. Prioritization is a critical exercise that seeks to ensure the maximum value is achieved.</p>
<p><strong>5.3.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="inputs">Inputs</h2>
<h3 id="requirements">• Requirements</h3>
<p>that are ready to prioritize.</p>
<h3 id="designs">• Designs</h3>
<p>to prioritize.</p>
<h2 id="figure-531-prioritize-requirements-inputoutput-diagram">Figure 5.3.1: Prioritize Requirements Input/Output Diagram</h2>
<h2 id="input">Input</h2>
<h2 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h2>
<h2 id="business-constraints">Business Constraints</h2>
<h2 id="designs">Designs</h2>
<h2 id="requirements">Requirements</h2>
<h2 id="change-strategy">Change Strategy</h2>
<h3 id="domain-knowledge">Domain Knowledge</h3>
<p><strong>5.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="governance-approach">Governance Approach</h2>
<h2 id="output">Output</h2>
<h3 id="requirements-architecture">Requirements Architecture</h3>
<p><strong>5.3</strong></p>
<h3 id="requirements">Requirements</h3>
<p><strong>5.3</strong></p>
<h3 id="designs">Designs</h3>
<p><strong>(prioritized)</strong></p>
<h2 id="requirements-management">Requirements Management</h2>
<h3 id="toolsrepository">Tools/Repository</h3>
<p><strong>(prioritized)</strong></p>
<h2 id="solution-scope">Solution Scope</h2>
<h3 id="tasks-using-this-output">Tasks Using This Output</h3>
<p><strong>6.3</strong></p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-87">87</p>
</section></body>
</html>