<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Business Analysis Scope</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_422">
<p>11.4.2 Business Analysis Scope <strong>11.4.2</strong></p>
<h2 id="business-analysis-scope">Business Analysis Scope</h2>
<h3 id="1-change-sponsor">.1 Change Sponsor</h3>
<p>Ideally, the sponsor of a business architecture initiative is a senior executive or business owner within the organization. However, the sponsor may also be a line-of-business owner.</p>
<h3 id="2-change-targets">.2 Change Targets</h3>
<p>The following list identifies the possible primary change targets resulting from a business architecture analysis: • business capabilities, • business value streams, • initiative plans, • investment decisions, and • portfolio decisions.</p>
<p>The following groups of people use business architecture to guide change within the organization: • management at all levels of the organization, • product or service owners, • operational units, • solution architects, • project managers, and • business analysts working in other contexts (for example, at the project level).</p>
<h3 id="3-business-analyst-position">.3 Business Analyst Position</h3>
<p>The goal of a business analyst working within the discipline of business architecture is to: • understand the entire enterprise context and provide balanced insight into all the elements and their relationship across the enterprise, and • provide a holistic, understandable view of all the specialties within the organization.</p>
<p>Business architecture provides a variety of models of the organization. These models, or blueprints, provide holistic insight into the organization that becomes the basis for strategic decisions by the leaders of the organization. To develop a business architecture, the business analyst must understand, assimilate, and align a wide variety of specialties that are of strategic concern to the organization. To</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-412">412</p>
</section></body>
</html>