<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>chapter_395</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_395">
<p>source system. The source data dictionary provides a definition of each element and the business rules applied to it: business description, type, format and length, legal values, and any inter-dependencies. and reliability of the data from source systems. It identifies where further verification and enhancement of source data is required to ensure consistent business definitions and rules apply across the enterprise-wide data asset. model presents an integrated, normalized view of the data structures required to support the business domain. The target data dictionary provides the standardized enterprise-wide definition of data elements and integrity rules. requirements for the decoding/encoding of values and for data correction (error values) and enrichment (missing values) in the transformation process. communication requirements for decision support outputs. These include: • predefined reports, • dashboards, • balanced scorecards, • ad hoc reports, • online analytical processing (OLAP) queries, • data mining, • prescriptive analytics, • conditional alerts, • complex event processing, and • predictive modelling.</p>
<p>• Specifications for each output can include: (1) data selections/dimensions, level of granularity, filtering criterion applied, possibilities for drill down, slice and dice, and user access and permissions; and (2) presentation rules to define data element format, translation (labels, look-ups), calculations, and data aggregations. decision support requirements of each functional area will map to the business intelligence framework. It is typically presented in the form of a process (or data flow) model that defines: • where the source data is held, • how (pull/push) and when (frequency, latency) the data will be extracted,</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-385">385</p>
</section></body>
</html>