<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Office Productivity Tools and Technology</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_222">
<p>9.6.1 Office Productivity Tools and Technology <strong>9.6.1</strong></p>
<h2 id="office-productivity-tools-and-technology">Office Productivity Tools and Technology</h2>
<h3 id="1-purpose">.1 Purpose</h3>
<p>Business analysts use office productivity tools and technology to document and track information and artifacts.</p>
<h3 id="2-definition">.2 Definition</h3>
<p>Office productivity tools and technology provide business analysts with the ability to organize, dissect, manipulate, understand, and communicate information clearly. Utilizing these tools requires becoming familiar with available resources.</p>
<p>Understanding one software program may provide insights into comparable abilities or operations in similar programs. Additionally, some programs are designed to provide additional tools to other programs or exchange information, such as e-mail or programs that can import/export files. Many organizations utilize these tools to study, store, and distribute information.</p>
<p>Office productivity tools and technology include the following: information in the form of a letter, newspaper, poster, research paper, slide presentation, or animations. Word processors are commonly used to develop and maintain requirements documents, allowing a great deal of control over their formatting and presentation. Standard requirements documentation templates are widely available for word processors. Most word processing tools have a limited capability to track changes and record comments, and are not designed for collaborative authoring; however, there are cloud solutions that provide collaborative functionality. present information to stimulate discussion among stakeholders. Some of these applications can be used in a very limited way to capture requirements or create a basic prototype. used to maintain lists (such as atomic requirements, features, actions, issues, or defects). They are also used to capture and perform basic manipulation of numeric data. They can support decision analysis, and are very effective at summarizing complex scenarios. They support limited change tracking and can be shared among multiple users in the same way as a word processing document. the means to communicate with stakeholders who are remotely located, who cannot respond to queries immediately, or who may need a longer-term record of a discussion. They are generally available to almost all stakeholders and are very easy to use. However, they are generally not effective for long-term storage or retention of information. Their primary use is to facilitate communication over time or distance. of knowledge distributed throughout an organization and make it as widely</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-212">212</p>
</section></body>
</html>