<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Acceptance and Evaluation Criteria</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_414">
<p>requirements and other information. Traceability that includes dependencies and relationships among requirements makes it easier for stakeholders to understand what is changing about the IT system and predict impacts of additional changes.</p>
<p>As technical systems are changed over time, it is helpful when each version of each requirement is stored in some way and accounted for. Traceability makes it possible to find the source and owner of each requested function and feature, as well as why, when, and how it changed over time. This history is important for ensuring that the requirements are complete and that the approval of requirements is a sensible decision. When the change–work and the IT system are audited, regulators and other interested parties can understand what happened, when, and why. This can be especially important for audit purposes, when an application manages data or processes systematically without human intervention for each transaction or instance of the process occurring. This tracing also helps the organization understand why some functionality is not delivered or implemented in the IT system, and why it was dropped from the scope of this implementation.</p>
<h2 id="acceptance-and-evaluation-criteria">• Acceptance and Evaluation Criteria</h2>
<h3 id="metrics-and-key-performance">• Metrics and Key Performance</h3>
<p>(p. 217) Indicators (KPIs) (p. 297)</p>
<h3 id="decision-analysis-p-261">• Decision Analysis (p. 261)</h3>
<p>• Prioritization (p. 311)</p>
<h2 id="item-tracking-p-294">• Item Tracking (p. 294)</h2>
<h3 id="4-strategy-analysis">.4 Strategy Analysis</h3>
<p>Within an IT organization, strategy analysis focuses on the technologies and systems, business units, business processes, and business strategies impacted by a proposed change. It is possible that the impacts of a change cause a ripple effect through other systems in the organization. In order to analyze needs and proposed changes, business analysts seek to understand all the various aspects that may be impacted by the change.</p>
<p>Current state analysis within IT initiatives includes analysis of manual processes, understanding what the system or technology currently does, the data needed to complete tasks, and the other systems and processes that interact with the system. Business analysts plan for a thorough understanding of the current state and a large context of the enterprise at first, with the understanding that the scope will narrow as the future state is identified.</p>
<p>Once the current state is understood, the desired future state is described. This may be process or capability related and usually includes how current system functionality is required to change in order to support the future vision and meet the objectives of both individual stakeholders and the enterprise. In understanding both the current and future states, the gap between the two is identified, and that is where the direction of the change effort can be set. It is at this point of analysis that solution options are explored.</p>
<p>Once the aspects of the change scope and desired future state are understood, business analysts assess uncertainty and risk. Uncertainty is clarified by:</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-404">404</p>
</section></body>
</html>