<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.4 Delivery Approach</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_420">
<p>Architecture models enable organizations to see the big picture of the domain that is under analysis. They provide insights into the important elements of the organization or software system and how they fit together, and highlight the critical components or capabilities.</p>
<p>The insights provided by business architecture help keep systems and operations functioning in a coherent and useful manner, and add clarity to business decisions. When change is being considered, the architecture provides details on the elements that are most relevant for the purposes of the change, allowing for prioritization and resource allocation. Because an architectural model also shows how the parts are related, it can be used to provide impact analysis to tell what other elements of the system or the business might be affected by the change.</p>
<p>The architecture itself can be used as a tool to help identify needed changes. The performance metrics for each element of the architecture can be monitored and assessed to identify when an element is under-performing. The importance of each element can be compared with the performance of the organization or system as a whole. This assists decision makers when considering where investment is needed and how to prioritize those decisions.</p>
<p>The function of business architecture is to facilitate coordinated and synchronized action across the organization by aligning action with the organization's vision, goals, and strategy. The architectural models created in this process are the tools used to clarify, unify, and provide understanding of the intent of the vision, goals, and strategy, and to ensure that resources are focused and applied to the elements of the organization that align with and support this direction.</p>
<p>Business architecture provides a blueprint that management can use to plan and execute strategies from both information technology (IT) and non-IT perspectives.</p>
<p>Business architecture is used by organizations to guide: • strategic planning, • business remodelling, • organization redesign, • performance measurement and other transformation initiatives to improve customer retention, • streamlining business operations, • cost reduction, • the formalization of institutional knowledge, and • the creation of a vehicle for businesses to communicate and deploy their business vision.</p>
<h3 id="4-delivery-approach">.4 Delivery Approach</h3>
<p>Business architecture creates a planning framework that provides clarity and insight into the organization and assists decision makers in identifying required changes. The architectural blueprints provided by business architecture provide an insight and understanding of how well the organization aligns to its strategy. This insight is the trigger for change or other planning activities.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-410">410</p>
</section></body>
</html>