<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.3 Assess Alternatives</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_245">
<p>Business Cases should be revisited at defined milestones and at the completion of the initiative (or initiatives) to fulfill the business case. They should also be independent of the recommended solution. As solution options are assessed, their ability to achieve the desired outcomes will help determine the recommended solution.</p>
<h3 id="3-assess-alternatives">.3 Assess Alternatives</h3>
<p>The business case identifies and assesses various alternative solutions.</p>
<p>Alternatives may include (but are not limited to) different technologies, processes, or business models. Alternatives may also include different ways of acquiring these and different timing options. They will be affected by constraints such as budget, timing, and regulatory. The ‘do-nothing’ alternative should be assessed and considered for the recommended solution.</p>
<p>Each alternative should be assessed in terms of: organizational boundaries, system boundaries, business processes, product lines or geographic regions. Scope statements clearly define what will be included and what will be excluded. The scope of various alternatives may be similar or have overlap but may also differ based on the alternative. for each alternative. It includes organizational knowledge, skills, and capacity, as well as technical maturity and experience in the proposed technologies. that may have influence on the initiative. Constraints are limitations that may restrict the possible alternatives. Risks are potential problems that may have a negative impact on the solution. Agreeing to and documenting these factors facilitates realistic expectations and a shared understanding amongst stakeholders. value assessment includes an estimate of the costs to implement and operate the alternative, as well as a quantified financial benefit from implementing the alternative. Benefits of a non-financial nature (such as improved staff morale, increased flexibility to respond to change, improved customer satisfaction, or reduced exposure to risk) are also important and add significant value to the organization. Value estimates are related back to strategic goals and objectives.</p>
<h3 id="4-recommended-solution">.4 Recommended Solution</h3>
<p>The recommended solution describes the most desirable way to solve the problem or leverage the opportunity. The solution is described in sufficient detail for decision makers to understand the solution and determine if the recommendation will be implemented. The recommended solution may also include some estimates of cost and duration to implement the solution.</p>
<p>Measurable benefits/outcomes will be identified to allow stakeholders to assess</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-235">235</p>
</section></body>
</html>