<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.5 Major Assumptions</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_421">
<p>For each blueprint provided, business architecture may define: • current state, • future state, and • one or more transition states that are used to transition to the future state.</p>
<p>Business architects require a view of the entire organization. In general, they may report directly to a member of senior leadership. Business architects require a broad understanding of the organization, including its: • environment and industry trends, • structure and reporting relationships, • value streams, • capabilities, • processes, • information and data stores, and • how all these elements align to support the strategy of the organization.</p>
<p>Business architects play an important role in communicating and innovating for the strategy of the organization. They utilize blueprints, models, and insights provided by business architecture to continually advocate for the strategy of the organization and address individual stakeholder needs within the scope of the organization's goals.</p>
<p>There are several factors central to a successful business architecture: • support of the executive business leadership team, • integration with clear and effective governance processes, including organizational decision-making authorities (for example, for investments, initiatives, and infrastructure decisions), • integration with ongoing initiatives, (this might include participation in steering committees or other similar advisory groups), and • access to senior leadership, departmental managers, product owners, solution architects, project business analysts, and project managers.</p>
<h3 id="5-major-assumptions">.5 Major Assumptions</h3>
<p>To make business architecture useful to the organization, business analysts require: • a view of the entire organization that is under analysis, • full support from the senior leadership, • participation of business owners and subject matter experts (SMEs), • an organizational strategy to be in place, and • a business imperative to be addressed.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-411">411</p>
</section></body>
</html>