<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Methodologies</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_410">
<p>11.3.3 Methodologies <strong>11.3.3</strong></p>
<h3 id="methodologies">Methodologies</h3>
<p>The methodologies followed by information technology organizations vary widely.</p>
<p>In general, solution development methodologies fall into two generic approaches: documentation of the processes used to complete the change. Each phase of the process or sequence is completed before advancing to the next phase. overall structured process cycles. Most adaptive models are both iterative and incremental, focusing on growing the product in both breadth and depth.</p>
<p>A hybrid methodology may also be utilized. A hybrid may include an overall vision for the whole initiative (as in predictive), as well as a definition of details within individual cycles or iterations (as in adaptive).</p>
<p>The following table identifies several established methodologies or approaches that a business analyst practicing in an information technology environment may encounter.</p>
<h2 id="table-1131-information-technology-methodologies">Table 11.3.1: Information Technology Methodologies</h2>
<h2 id="methodology">Methodology</h2>
<h2 id="brief-description">Brief Description</h2>
<h2 id="homegrown-or">Homegrown or</h2>
<h3 id="organization-specific">Organization Specific</h3>
<p>A methodology which is derived from components of other established methodologies or approaches may be created by an information technology organization to govern information technology based initiatives.</p>
<h3 id="requirements">Requirements</h3>
<p>Engineering (RE) Establishes a structured approach for requirements development and management and is used in predictive, adaptive, and agile environments.</p>
<h2 id="structured-systems">Structured Systems</h2>
<h3 id="analysis-and-design">Analysis and Design</h3>
<p>Method (SSADM) A predictive development methodology that focuses on established logical modelling and the separation of requirements from solutions as central to systems analysis and specification.</p>
<h3 id="unified-process-up">Unified Process (UP)</h3>
<p>An adaptive development approach. The inception and elaboration phases are of particular interest to business analysts. UP is not considered agile but is an adaptive methodology.</p>
<p><strong>11.3.4</strong> A business analyst working within IT may possess skills related to IT development such as programming, creating a database, creating a system or solution</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-400">400</p>
</section></body>
</html>