<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Technique</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_444">
<p><strong>Table 11.5.2: BPM Techniques (Continued)</strong></p>
<h2 id="technique">Technique</h2>
<h2 id="brief-description">Brief Description</h2>
<h2 id="house-of-quality">House of Quality/</h2>
<h3 id="voice-of-customer">Voice of Customer</h3>
<p>A matrix relating customer desires and product characteristics to the capabilities of an organization. It is a technique that could be used in developing the to-be processes.</p>
<h2 id="inputs-guide">Inputs, Guide,</h2>
<h3 id="outputs-enablers">Outputs, Enablers</h3>
<p>(IGOE) A diagram that describes the context of a process, by listing the inputs and outputs of the process, the guides that are used to inform the execution of the process, and the supporting tools and information required for the process.</p>
<h3 id="kaizen-event">Kaizen Event</h3>
<p>A focused, rapid effort to improve value delivery in one specific activity or sub-process.</p>
<h3 id="process-simulation">Process Simulation</h3>
<p>A model of the process and a set of randomized variables to allow for multiple variations of a process to be assessed and develop an estimate of their performance under actual conditions.</p>
<h2 id="suppliers-inputs">Suppliers Inputs</h2>
<h3 id="process-outputs">Process Outputs</h3>
<p>Customers (SIPOC) A table that summarizes inputs and outputs from multiple processes. Also known as COPIS, which is simply SIPOC spelled backwards.</p>
<h3 id="theory-of">Theory of</h3>
<p>Constraints (TOC)</p>
<h3 id="thinking-processes">Thinking Processes</h3>
<p>A set of logical cause-and-effect models used to diagnose conflicts, identify the root causes of problems, and define future states of a system that successfully resolve those root causes. TOC thinking processes is a technique that assists in locating problems in the as-is process and correcting them when developing the to-be processes.</p>
<h2 id="value-added">Value Added</h2>
<h3 id="analysis">Analysis</h3>
<p>Looks at the benefit to the customer added at each step of a process to identify opportunities for improvement.</p>
<h2 id="value-stream">Value Stream</h2>
<h3 id="analysis">Analysis</h3>
<p>Used to assess the value added by each functional area of a business to the customer, as part of an end-to-end process.</p>
<h2 id="who-what-when">Who What When</h2>
<h3 id="where-why-5ws">Where Why (5Ws)</h3>
<p>A set of questions that form the foundation for basic information gathering. The 5Ws may also include How added to become the 5Ws and a H.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-434">434</p>
</section></body>
</html>