<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Description</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_322">
<p>10.33.2 Description <strong>10.33.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Prioritization is a process used to determine the relative importance of business analysis information. The importance may be based on value, risk, difficulty of implementation, or other criteria. These priorities are used to determine which business analysis information should be targeted for further analysis, which requirements should be implemented first, or how much time or detail should be allocated to the requirements.</p>
<p>There are many approaches to prioritization. For the purpose of this technique, prioritization is classified into one of four approaches:</p>
<h2 id="grouping">• Grouping,</h2>
<h3 id="ranking">• Ranking,</h3>
<p>• Time boxing/Budgeting, and</p>
<h3 id="negotiation">• Negotiation.</h3>
<p>When choosing a prioritization approach, business analysts consider the audience, their needs, and their opinions on the value a requirement or business analysis information brings to a stakeholder's respective area.</p>
<p>Business analysts revisit priorities and utilize different approaches when changes occur in the business environment, to the stakeholders, and to the business analysis information.</p>
<h3 id="figure-10331-approaches-to-prioritization">Figure 10.33.1: Approaches to Prioritization</h3>
<p><strong>Determine importance of business analysis information based on </strong> <strong>value, risk, difficulty of implementation, or other criteria.</strong></p>
<h2 id="approaches-to-prioritization">Approaches to Prioritization</h2>
<h2 id="budgeting">Budgeting/</h2>
<h2 id="time-boxing">Time Boxing</h2>
<h2 id="grouping">Grouping</h2>
<h2 id="ranking">Ranking</h2>
<h3 id="negotiation">Negotiation</h3>
<p>BA information based on allocation of</p>
<h3 id="stakeholder">Stakeholder</h3>
<p>consensus on requirements to be BA information BA information ordered from most to classified high, medium, low priority a fixed resource (time or money) least important prioritized <strong>Consider audience needs and opinions</strong> <strong>Choose approach(es)</strong></p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-312">312</p>
</section></body>
</html>