<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Figure 10.43.2: Stakeholder Onion Diagram</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_356">
<p>general communications. Additional engagement may move them into the goodwill ambassador quadrant, which can help the effort gain additional support.</p>
<h3 id="figure-10432-stakeholder-onion-diagram">Figure 10.43.2: Stakeholder Onion Diagram</h3>
<p>Customers, suppliers, regulators, and others.</p>
<h3 id="affected-external-stakeholders">Affected External Stakeholders</h3>
<p>Sponsors, executives, domain SMEs, and others who interact with the affected group.</p>
<h3 id="organization-or-enterprise">Organization or Enterprise</h3>
<p>End users, help desk, and others whose work changes when the solution is delivered.</p>
<h2 id="affected-organizational-unit">Affected Organizational Unit</h2>
<h3 id="solution-delivery">Solution Delivery</h3>
<p>Project team and others directly involved with creating the solution.</p>
<h3 id="3-responsibility-raci-matrix">.3 Responsibility (RACI) Matrix</h3>
<p>Another popular stakeholder matrix is the responsibility (RACI) matrix. RACI stands for the four types of responsibility that a stakeholder may hold on the initiative: Responsible, Accountable, Consulted, and Informed. When completing a RACI matrix, it is important to ensure that all stakeholders or stakeholder groups have been identified. Further analysis is then conducted to assign the RACI designation in order to specify the level of responsibility expected from each stakeholder and/or group. It is common practice to define each term so that a consistent understanding of the assignment and associated roles are understood by any stakeholders utilizing the RACI matrix. successful completion of the task and is the decision maker. Only one stakeholder receives this assignment. provide an opinion or information about the task. This assignment is often provided to the subject matter experts (SMEs). the task and notified of its outcome. Informed is different from Consulted as with Informed the communication is one-direction (business analyst to stakeholder) and with Consulted the communication is two-way.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-346">346</p>
</section></body>
</html>