<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Visual Thinking</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_203">
<p>9.1.7 Visual Thinking • confirming the confidence and understanding of the concept being communicated with stakeholders, • formulating abstract concepts using a combination of information and uncertainty, and • drawing on past experiences to understand the situation.</p>
<p><strong>9.1.7</strong></p>
<h2 id="visual-thinking">Visual Thinking</h2>
<h3 id="1-purpose">.1 Purpose</h3>
<p>The ability to communicate complex concepts and models into understandable visual representations allows business analysts to engage stakeholders and help them understand the concepts being presented.</p>
<h3 id="2-definition">.2 Definition</h3>
<p>Visual thinking skills allow business analysts to create graphical representations of the concepts or systems being discussed. The goal of these graphical representations is to allow stakeholders to easily understand the concepts being presented, and then provide input. Visual thinking requires that the analyst make abstractions and then find suitable graphic devices to represent them.</p>
<p>Visual thinking is visualizing and creating simple visual concepts, graphics, models, diagrams, and constructs to convey and integrate non-visual information.</p>
<p>In performing business analysis, large amounts of information and complex connections between contexts, stakeholders, needs, solutions, changes, and value are communicated. Visuals represent this information and its complexities, allowing stakeholders and audiences to learn more quickly, process the information, and connect points from each of their contexts.</p>
<p>Visual thinking also allows the audience to engage and connect concepts more quickly and freely into their context, as well as understand and appreciate others’ contexts more clearly.</p>
<h3 id="3-effectiveness-measures">.3 Effectiveness Measures</h3>
<p>Measures of effective visual thinking include: • complex information is communicated in a visual model which is understandable by stakeholders, • visuals allow for comparisons, pattern finding, and idea mapping with participants, • productivity increases due to increased learning, quick memory, and follow through from effective visuals, • stakeholders are engaged at a deeper level than with text alone, and • stakeholders understand critical information which may have been missed if presented in textual content alone.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-193">193</p>
</section></body>
</html>