<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Mind Mapping</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_134">
<p>6.3.7 Stakeholders</p>
<h3 id="mind-mapping">• Mind Mapping</h3>
<p>their relationships.</p>
<h2 id="risk-analysis-and-management">• Risk Analysis and Management</h2>
<h3 id="root-cause-analysis">• Root Cause Analysis</h3>
<p>creating a risk.</p>
<h3 id="survey-or-questionnaire">• Survey or Questionnaire</h3>
<p>be risks and the various factors of those risks.</p>
<h3 id="workshops">• Workshops</h3>
<p>the various factors of those risks.</p>
<p><strong>6.3.7</strong></p>
<h2 id="stakeholders">Stakeholders</h2>
<h3 id="domain-subject-matter-expert">• Domain Subject Matter Expert</h3>
<p>on their knowledge of preparation required in their area of expertise.</p>
<h3 id="implementation-subject-matter-expert">• Implementation Subject Matter Expert</h3>
<p>assessment based on their knowledge of preparation required in their area of expertise.</p>
<h3 id="operational-support">• Operational Support</h3>
<p>identify likely risks and their impact.</p>
<h3 id="project-manager">• Project Manager</h3>
<p>and mitigating risk to the project.</p>
<h3 id="regulator">• Regulator</h3>
<p>or rules.</p>
<h2 id="sponsor">• Sponsor</h2>
<h2 id="supplier">• Supplier</h2>
<h3 id="tester">• Tester</h3>
<p>perspective.</p>
<p><strong>6.3.8</strong></p>
<h3 id="outputs">Outputs</h3>
<p>Risk Analysis Results: an understanding of the risks associated with achieving the future state, and the mitigation strategies which will be used to prevent those risks, reduce the impact of the risk, or reduce the likelihood of the risk occurring.</p>
<p><strong>6.4</strong> <strong>6.4.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>The purpose of Define Change Strategy is to develop and assess alternative approaches to the change, and then select the recommended approach.</p>
</section></body>
</html>