<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_290">
<p>10.21.3 Elements sometimes leads participants to re-evaluate their own perspectives in light of others' experiences. A trained moderator manages the preparation of the session, assists in selecting participants, and facilitates the session. If the moderator is not the business analyst, he/she may work with the business analyst to analyze the results and produce findings that are reported to the stakeholders. Observers may be present during the focus group session, but do not typically participate.</p>
<p>A focus group can be utilized at various points in an initiative to capture information or ideas in an interactive manner. If the group’s topic is a product under development, the group’s ideas are analyzed in relationship to the stated requirements. This may result in updating existing requirements or uncovering new requirements. If the topic is a completed product that is ready to be launched, the group’s report could influence how to position the product in the market. If the topic is a product in production, the group’s report may provide direction on the revisions to the next release of requirements. A focus group may also serve as a means to assess customer satisfaction with a product or service.</p>
<p>A focus group is a form of qualitative research. The activities are similar to that of a brainstorming session, except that a focus group is more structured and focused on the participants’ perspectives concerning a specific topic. It is not a interview session conducted as a group; rather, it is a discussion during which feedback is collected on a specific subject. The session results are usually analyzed and reported as themes and perspectives rather than numerical findings.</p>
<p><strong>10.21.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-focus-group-objective">.1 Focus Group Objective</h3>
<p>A clear and specific objective establishes a defined purpose for the focus group.</p>
<p>Questions are formulated and discussions are facilitated with the intent of meeting the objective.</p>
<h3 id="2-focus-group-plan">.2 Focus Group Plan</h3>
<p>The focus group plan ensures that all stakeholders are aware of the purpose of the focus group and agree on the expected outcomes, and that the session meets the objectives.</p>
<p>The focus group plan defines activities that include: topics to be discussed, and recommending whether or not discussion guides will be used. well as which physical or virtual meeting place will be used. may be required, public transportation options, and the time of the session. the discussion, if any observers are required, and who the moderators and</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-280">280</p>
</section></body>
</html>