<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.4 Relate and Verify Requirements Relationships</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_161">
<p>7.4.5 Guidelines and Tools completeness. Iterations of elicitation, specification, and analysis activities can help identify gaps.</p>
<h3 id="4-relate-and-verify-requirements-relationships">.4 Relate and Verify Requirements Relationships</h3>
<p>Requirements may be related to each other in several ways when defining the requirements architecture. Business analysts examine and analyze the requirements to define the relationships between them. The representation of these relationships is provided by tracing requirements (see Trace Requirements (p. 79)).</p>
<p>Business analysts examine each relationship to ensure that the relationships satisfy the following quality criteria: described. requirements holistically. different and conflicting ways. of standard descriptions as defined in the viewpoints.</p>
<h3 id="5-business-analysis-information-architecture">.5 Business Analysis Information Architecture</h3>
<p>The structure of the business analysis information is also an information architecture. This type of architecture is defined as part of the task Plan Business Analysis Information Management (p. 42). The information architecture is a component of the requirements architecture because it describes how all of the business analysis information for a change relates. It defines relationships for types of information such as requirements, designs, types of models, and elicitation results. Understanding this type of information structure helps to ensure that the full set of requirements is complete by verifying the relationships are complete. It is useful to start defining this architecture before setting up infrastructure such as requirements life cycle management tools, architecture management software, or document repositories.</p>
<p><strong>7.4.5</strong></p>
<h2 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h2>
<h3 id="architecture-management-software">• Architecture Management Software</h3>
<p>manage the volume, complexity, and versions of the relationships within the requirements architecture.</p>
<h3 id="legalregulatory-information">• Legal/Regulatory Information</h3>
<p>must be followed. They may impact the requirements architecture or its outputs. Additionally, contractual or standards-based constraints may also need to be considered.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-151">151</p>
</section></body>
</html>