<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Document Analysis</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_040">
<p>3.1.7 Stakeholders</p>
<h3 id="document-analysis">• Document Analysis</h3>
<p>assist in planning the approach.</p>
<h3 id="estimation">• Estimation</h3>
<p>analysis activities.</p>
<h3 id="financial-analysis">• Financial Analysis</h3>
<p>supported delivery options) affect the value delivered.</p>
<h3 id="functional-decomposition">• Functional Decomposition</h3>
<p>processes or approaches into more feasible components.</p>
<h2 id="interviews">• Interviews</h2>
<h3 id="item-tracking">• Item Tracking</h3>
<p>stakeholders. Can also track risk related items raised during discussions when building the approach.</p>
<h3 id="lessons-learned">• Lessons Learned</h3>
<p>successes and challenges) with planning business analysis approach.</p>
<h3 id="process-modelling">• Process Modelling</h3>
<p>approach.</p>
<h3 id="reviews">• Reviews</h3>
<p>stakeholders.</p>
<h3 id="risk-analysis-and-management">• Risk Analysis and Management</h3>
<p>proper business analysis approach.</p>
<h3 id="scope-modelling">• Scope Modelling</h3>
<p>input to planning and to estimating.</p>
<h3 id="survey-or-questionnaire">• Survey or Questionnaire</h3>
<p>techniques, risks and other relevant items to help build the business analysis approach.</p>
<h3 id="workshops">• Workshops</h3>
<p><strong>3.1.7</strong></p>
<h2 id="stakeholders">Stakeholders</h2>
<h3 id="domain-subject-matter-expert">• Domain Subject Matter Expert</h3>
<p>involvement is required and availability is lacking. The approach taken may depend on availability and level of their involvement with the initiative.</p>
<h3 id="project-manager">• Project Manager</h3>
<p>schedule and timelines. The business analysis approach must be compatible with other activities.</p>
<h3 id="regulator">• Regulator</h3>
<p>analysis approach or decisions made in tailoring the process, especially in organizations where the business analysis process is audited.</p>
<h3 id="sponsor">• Sponsor</h3>
<p>organizational policies are followed. The selected approach may depend on availability and involvement with the initiative.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-30">30</p>
</section></body>
</html>