<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_036">
<p>3.1.4 Elements <strong>3.1.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-planning-approach">.1 Planning Approach</h3>
<p>There are various planning methods used across perspectives, industries, and enterprises. Many planning methods fit somewhere along a continuum between predictive and adaptive approaches.</p>
<p>Predictive approaches focus on minimizing upfront uncertainty and ensuring that the solution is defined before implementation begins in order to maximize control and minimize risk. These approaches are often preferred in situations where requirements can effectively be defined ahead of implementation, the risk of an incorrect implementation is unacceptably high, or when engaging stakeholders presents significant challenges.</p>
<p>Adaptive approaches focus on rapid delivery of business value in short iterations in return for acceptance of a higher degree of uncertainty regarding the overall delivery of the solution. These approaches tend to be preferred when taking an exploratory approach to finding the best solution or for incremental improvement of an existing solution.</p>
<p>Different approaches may be used within the same initiative. Among other factors, the business analyst may consider the organization’s standards, tolerance for uncertainty, and previous experience with different approaches when planning for business analysis activities.</p>
<p>Regardless of the approach, planning is an essential task to ensure value is delivered to an enterprise. Planning typically occurs more than once on a given initiative as plans are updated to address changing business conditions and newly raised issues. The business analysis approach should describe how plans will be altered if changes are required.</p>
<h3 id="2-formality-and-level-of-detail-of-business-analysis-deliverables">.2 Formality and Level of Detail of Business Analysis Deliverables</h3>
<p>When defining the business analysis approach, consider the level of formality that is appropriate for approaching and planning the initiative.</p>
<p>Predictive approaches typically call for formal documentation and representations. Business analysis information may be captured in a formal document or set of representations following standardized templates.</p>
<p>Information is captured at various levels of detail. The specific content and format of business analysis information can vary depending on the organizational methodologies, processes, and templates in use.</p>
<p>Adaptive approaches favour defining requirements and designs through team interaction and gathering feedback on a working solution. Mandatory requirements representations are often limited to a prioritized requirements list.</p>
<p>Additional business analysis documentation may be created at the discretion of the team, and generally consists of models developed to enhance the team’s understanding of a specific problem. Formal documentation is often produced after the solution is implemented to facilitate knowledge transfer.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-26">26</p>
</section></body>
</html>