<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Guidelines and Tools</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_118">
<p>6.1.5 Guidelines and Tools <strong>6.1.5</strong></p>
<h2 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h2>
<h3 id="business-analysis-approach">• Business Analysis Approach</h3>
<p>analysis of the current state.</p>
<h3 id="enterprise-limitation">• Enterprise Limitation</h3>
<p>enterprise.</p>
<h3 id="organizational-strategy">• Organizational Strategy</h3>
<p>objectives which guides operations, establishes direction, and provides a vision for the future state. This can be implicitly or explicitly stated.</p>
<h3 id="solution-limitation">• Solution Limitation</h3>
<p>of existing solutions.</p>
<h3 id="solution-performance-goals">• Solution Performance Goals</h3>
<p>enterprise or solution, and serve as a baseline for setting future state goals and measuring improvement.</p>
<h3 id="solution-performance-measures">• Solution Performance Measures</h3>
<p>solutions.</p>
<h3 id="stakeholder-analysis-results">• Stakeholder Analysis Results</h3>
<p>contribute to an understanding and analysis of the current state.</p>
<p><strong>6.1.6</strong></p>
<h3 id="benchmarking-and-market-analysis">• Benchmarking and Market Analysis</h3>
<p>there are opportunities for improvement in the current state. Specific frameworks that may be useful include 5 Forces analysis, PEST, STEEP, CATWOE, and others.</p>
<h3 id="business-capability-analysis">• Business Capability Analysis</h3>
<p>to value and risk.</p>
<h3 id="business-model-canvas">• Business Model Canvas</h3>
<p>that the enterprise satisfies for its customers, the critical factors in delivering that value, and the resulting cost and revenue streams. Helpful for understanding the context for any change and identifying the problems and opportunities that may have the most significant impact.</p>
<h3 id="business-cases">• Business Cases</h3>
<p>opportunity.</p>
<h3 id="concept-modelling">• Concept Modelling</h3>
<p>domain and define the relationships between them.</p>
<h3 id="data-mining">• Data Mining</h3>
<p>enterprise.</p>
<h3 id="document-analysis">• Document Analysis</h3>
<p>state, including (but not limited to) documents created during the implementation of a solution, training manuals, issue reports, competitor information, supplier agreements, published industry benchmarks, published technology trends, and performance metrics.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-108">108</p>
</section></body>
</html>