<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 Challenges of Prioritization</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_099">
<p>5.3.5 Guidelines and Tools greater if the functionality is delivered ahead of the competition. It can also refer to seasonal functionality that only has value at a specific time of year. requires further analysis or because stakeholders have not reached a consensus about it. If a requirement is not stable, it may have a lower priority in order to minimize unanticipated rework and wasted effort. implemented in order to meet regulatory or policy demands imposed on the organization, which may take precedence over other stakeholder interests.</p>
<h3 id="2-challenges-of-prioritization">.2 Challenges of Prioritization</h3>
<p>Prioritization is an assessment of relative value. Each stakeholder may value something different. When this occurs, there may be conflict amongst stakeholders. Stakeholders may also have difficulty characterizing any requirement as a lower priority, and this may impact the ability to make necessary trade-offs. In addition, stakeholders may (intentionally or unintentionally) indicate priority to influence the result to their desired outcome.</p>
<p>Different types of requirements may not all respond to the criteria in the same way and may appear to conflict. There may be a need for stakeholders to make trade-offs in prioritization.</p>
<h3 id="3-continual-prioritization">.3 Continual Prioritization</h3>
<p>Priorities may shift as the context evolves and as more information becomes available. Initially, prioritization is done at a higher level of abstraction. As the requirements are further refined, prioritization is done at a more granular level and will incorporate additional bases for prioritization as they become appropriate. The basis for prioritization may be different at various stages of the change. For example, stakeholders may initially prioritize based on benefits. The implementation team may then re-prioritize the requirements based on the sequence in which they must be implemented due to technical constraints. Once the implementation team has provided the cost of each requirement, the stakeholders may re-prioritize yet again.</p>
<p><strong>5.3.5</strong></p>
<h2 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h2>
<h3 id="business-constraints">• Business Constraints</h3>
<p>business policies that may define priorities.</p>
<h3 id="change-strategy">• Change Strategy</h3>
<p>realization which are used to determine priority of requirements.</p>
<h3 id="domain-knowledge">• Domain Knowledge</h3>
<p>needed to support prioritization.</p>
<h2 id="governance-approach">• Governance Approach</h2>
<h3 id="requirements-architecture">• Requirements Architecture</h3>
<p>other requirements and work products.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-89">89</p>
</section></body>
</html>