<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Usage Considerations</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_237">
<p>10.4.4 Usage Considerations</p>
<p>Brainstorming • look for trends in the market, anticipate growth rate, and estimate potential profitability, • define appropriate business strategies, • gather market data, • use existing resources such as company records, research studies, and books and apply that information to the questions at hand, and • review data to determine trends and draw conclusions.</p>
<p><strong>10.4.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• Benchmarking provides organizations with information about new and different methods, ideas, and tools to improve organizational performance.</p>
<p>• An organization may use benchmarking to identify best practices by its competitors in order to meet or exceed its competition.</p>
<p>• Benchmarking identifies why similar companies are successful and what processes they used to become successful.</p>
<p>• Market analysis can target specific groups and can be tailored to answer specific questions.</p>
<p>• Market analysis may expose weaknesses within a certain company or industry.</p>
<p>• Market analysis may identify differences in product offerings and services that are available from a competitor.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• Benchmarking is time-consuming; organizations may not have the expertise to conduct the analysis and interpret useful information.</p>
<p>• Benchmarking cannot produce innovative solutions or solutions that will produce a sustainable competitive advantage because it involves assessing solutions that have been shown to work elsewhere with the goal of reproducing them.</p>
<p>• Market analysis can be time-consuming and expensive, and the results may not be immediately available.</p>
<p>• Without market segmentation, market analysis may not produce the expected results or may provide incorrect data about a competitor's products or services.</p>
<p><strong>10.5</strong></p>
<h3 id="brainstorming">Brainstorming</h3>
<p><strong>10.5.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>Brainstorming is an excellent way to foster creative thinking about a problem. The aim of brainstorming is to produce numerous new ideas, and to derive from them themes for further analysis.</p>
</section></body>
</html>