<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_344">
<p>10.39.3 Elements</p>
<p>Roles and Permissions Matrix <strong>10.39.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-identifying-roles">.1 Identifying Roles</h3>
<p>To identify roles for either internal or external stakeholders, business analysts: • review any organizational models, job descriptions, procedure manuals, and system user guides, and • meet with stakeholders to uncover additional roles.</p>
<p>Through this review and discussion, the business analyst considers both that individuals with the same job title may have different roles and that individuals with different job titles may have the same roles.</p>
<p>When identifying roles, business analysts look for common functions that are performed by individuals with similar needs.</p>
<h3 id="2-identifying-activities">.2 Identifying Activities</h3>
<p>Business analysts frequently use functional decomposition to break down each function into sub-parts, process modelling to better understand the workflow and division of work among users, and use cases to represent tasks. By performing these techniques, the business analyst can ensure that all functions are accounted for and their activities are identified among various use case scenarios.</p>
<p>There may be different levels of abstraction for roles and permission matrices based on the business analysis perspective. Initiative level roles and responsibilities may be identified in a RACI (Responsible, Accountable, Consulted, Informed) matrix. Specific information technology system roles and responsibilities may be identified in a CRUD (Create, Read, Update, and Delete) matrix.</p>
<h3 id="3-identifying-authorities">.3 Identifying Authorities</h3>
<p>Authorities are actions that identified roles are permitted to perform. For each activity, the business analyst identifies the authorities for each role. When identifying authorities, business analysts consider the level of security needed and how the work flows through the process. Business analysts collaborate with stakeholders to validate identified authorities.</p>
<h2 id="4-refinements">.4 Refinements</h2>
<h3 id="delegations">Delegations</h3>
<p>The business analyst may also identify which authorities can be delegated by one individual to another on a short-term or permanent basis.</p>
<h3 id="inheritances">Inheritances</h3>
<p>Stakeholders may request that when an individual is assigned an authority at an organizational hierarchy level that this assignment pertain to only that user’s organizational level and any subsidiary organizational unit levels.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-334">334</p>
</section></body>
</html>