<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 Change Targets</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_408">
<p>• process owner, • business owner, • internal product manager, and • regulatory representative (such as a corporate legal department).</p>
<p>Enterprises may use many methods to initiate changes related to information technology. Frequently, large enterprises define a program or project management office within the IT department, which intakes requests and prioritizes efforts on behalf of the department.</p>
<h3 id="2-change-targets">.2 Change Targets</h3>
<p>Business analysts identify all possible departments, processes, applications, and functions which can be impacted by the proposed change. A business analyst not only focuses on details of the initiative, but also keeps an eye on the larger picture and the potential impact (both business and technical) of the change. This involves a level of process and functional analysis with specific focus on both technical interfaces as well as process hand-offs.</p>
<h3 id="3-business-analyst-position">.3 Business Analyst Position</h3>
<p>Within an IT initiative, the business analysis activities may be filled by personnel with one of several types of backgrounds or job titles within the organization.</p>
<p>This assignment may be dependent upon the type of change, the level of experience, knowledge needed, or simply the personnel available to staff the effort. The personnel may be assigned to the business analysis tasks due to the experience described below, and may complete some or all of the business analysis responsibilities for a given change.</p>
<p>It is possible that all business analysis tasks for an IT project may be completed by a person with only one of these backgrounds: • a business analyst who works specifically with the business users of an IT system, • an IT business analyst who is the designated liaison between the technical team and the business group which uses the application, • a subject matter expert (SME) experienced with the current software implementation, • a software user experienced with the daily activity of how the software is used and can focus on usability, • a systems analyst who has experience within the business domain, but does not have experience with the specific application, • a business process owner who has a depth of experience with the business capabilities or processes, but may not have any technical or IT experience, • a technical person with a depth of technical experience, or</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-398">398</p>
</section></body>
</html>