<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Business Analyst</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_027">
<p>2.4.1 Business Analyst</p>
<p>Stakeholders initiative. Any stakeholder can be a source of requirements, assumptions, or constraints.</p>
<p>This list is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all possible stakeholder classifications. Some additional examples of people who fit into each of these generic roles are listed in the definitions below. In most cases there will be multiple stakeholder roles found within each category. Similarly, a single individual may fill more than one role.</p>
<p>For the purpose of the the following roles: • operational support, • business analyst, • project manager, • customer, • regulator, • domain subject matter expert, • sponsor, • end user, • supplier, and • implementation subject matter • tester. expert, <strong>2.4.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="business-analyst">Business Analyst</h3>
<p>The business analyst is inherently a stakeholder in all business analysis activities.</p>
<h3 id="the">The</h3>
<p>accountable for the execution of these activities. In some cases the business analyst may also be responsible for performing activities that fall under another stakeholder role.</p>
<p><strong>2.4.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="customer">Customer</h3>
<p>A customer uses or may use products or services produced by the enterprise and may have contractual or moral rights that the enterprise is obliged to meet.</p>
<p><strong>2.4.3</strong></p>
<h3 id="domain-subject-matter-expert">Domain Subject Matter Expert</h3>
<p>A domain subject matter expert is any individual with in-depth knowledge of a topic relevant to the business need or solution scope. This role is often filled by people who may be end users or people who have in-depth knowledge of the solution such as managers, process owners, legal staff, consultants, and others.</p>
<p><strong>2.4.4</strong></p>
<h3 id="end-user">End User</h3>
<p>End users are stakeholders who directly interact with the solution. End users can include all participants in a business process, or who use the product or solution.</p>
<p><strong>2.4.5</strong></p>
<h3 id="implementation-subject-matter-expert">Implementation Subject Matter Expert</h3>
<p>An implementation subject matter expert is any stakeholder who has specialized knowledge regarding the implementation of one or more solution components.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-17">17</p>
</section></body>
</html>