<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Approach</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_384">
<p><strong>Table 11.1.1: Agile Approaches</strong></p>
<h3 id="approach">Approach</h3>
<p><strong>Brief description</strong></p>
<h2 id="dynamic-systems">Dynamic Systems</h2>
<h3 id="development">Development</h3>
<p>Method (DSDM) A project delivery framework which focuses on fixing cost, quality, and time at the beginning while contingency is managed by varying the features to be delivered. MoSCoW prioritization technique is used for scope management.</p>
<p>Time boxes, or short focused periods of time with clearly defined outcomes, are used to manage the work.</p>
<h2 id="evolutionary">Evolutionary</h2>
<h2 id="project">Project</h2>
<h3 id="management">Management</h3>
<p>(Evo) A project management method for developing and delivering a system incrementally. It has a strong focus on quantifying value for multiple stakeholders and planning increments based on delivery of that value (which can be measured). It uses impact estimation tables as a formal technique for assessing solutions for their ability to deliver value to multiple stakeholders for a given cost.</p>
<h3 id="extreme">Extreme</h3>
<p>Programming (XP) Named for the concept of taking beneficial software engineering techniques to the extreme. This concept focuses on the technical development processes and features pair-programming, test-driven development, and other craftsmanship approaches to the technical practices.</p>
<p>XP technical practices are often used in conjunction with one of the agile management frameworks.</p>
<h2 id="feature-driven">Feature Driven</h2>
<h3 id="development">Development</h3>
<p>(FDD) Focuses on a client valued functionality perspective to develop working software. For example, following a high-level scoping exercise, a feature list is identified and all planning, design, and development are performed based on feature sets.</p>
<h3 id="kanban">Kanban</h3>
<p>Does not require fixed iterations. Work moves through the development process as a continuous flow of activity. A key feature is to limit the amount of work underway at any one time (referred to as the work in progress limit or WIP). The team works only on a fixed number of items at any one time and work may begin on a new item only when it is required to maintain flow downstream and after the previous item has been completed.</p>
<h2 id="scaled-agile">Scaled Agile</h2>
<h3 id="framework">Framework</h3>
<p>(SAFe™) A framework for implementing agile practices at enterprise scale. It highlights the individual roles, teams, activities and artifacts necessary to scale agile from the team to program to the enterprise level.</p>
<h3 id="scrum">Scrum</h3>
<p>A lightweight process management framework based on empirical process control. Work is performed in a series of fixed length iterations, called Sprints, which last one month or less. At the end of each sprint the team must produce working software of a high enough quality that it could potentially be shipped or otherwise delivered to a customer.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-374">374</p>
</section></body>
</html>