<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>chapter_049</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_049">
<p><strong>.2 Change Control Process</strong> When business analysts develop a change control process, they: requirements and designs the change control process covers and determine whether it applies to all changes or only to changes of a specific size, cost, or level of effort. This process details the steps for proposing a change, when changes can be proposed, who can propose changes and how change requests are communicated. information to be included in a proposal to support decision making and implementation if it is approved.</p>
<p>Possible components to consider on a change request are: change, the expected cost of change is estimated. and business objectives to show how the change adds value. Benefits considered include both financial benefits and tactical benefits such as implications to scope, time, cost, quality, and resources. objectives. such as organizational objectives, regulatory compliance requirements, and stakeholder needs. assessment of the components of the change request (cost, time, benefits, risks and priority). It is common to identify several alternative courses, including those recommended by the requester and by other stakeholders so decision makers can make a choice that will best serve the needs of the initiative. change is established relative to other competing interests within the current initiative. management and traceability standards establish product baselines and version control practices that identify which baseline is affected by the change. changes, changes under review, and approved, declined, or deferred changes will be communicated to stakeholders. responsible for performing an analysis of the impacts the proposed change will have across the initiative.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-39">39</p>
</section></body>
</html>