<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Purpose</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_354">
<p>10.43 Stakeholder List, Map, or Personas <strong>10.43</strong> <strong>10.43.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>Stakeholder lists, maps, and personas assist the business analyst in analyzing stakeholders and their characteristics. This analysis is important in ensuring that the business analyst identifies all possible sources of requirements and that the stakeholder is fully understood so decisions made regarding stakeholder engagement, collaboration, and communication are the best choices for the stakeholder and for the success of the initiative.</p>
<p><strong>10.43.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Stakeholder analysis involves identifying the stakeholders that may be affected by a proposed initiative or that share a common business need. Stakeholder analysis notes, considers, and analyzes the various characteristics of the identified stakeholders.</p>
<p>Common types of stakeholder characteristics that are worth identifying and analyzing include: • level of authority within the domain of change and within the organization, • attitudes toward or interest in the change being undertaken, • attitudes toward the business analysis work and role, and • level of decision-making authority.</p>
<p>For details on the work involved in conducting a thorough stakeholder analysis, see Plan Stakeholder Engagement (p. 31).</p>
<p>When analyzing stakeholders, business analysts utilize one or more techniques to draw out a list of stakeholders and analyze them. Stakeholder lists, maps, and personas are three tools that can be utilized when conducting this work.</p>
<p><strong>10.43.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-stakeholder-lists">.1 Stakeholder Lists</h3>
<p>A business analyst may apply a number of techniques to generate a stakeholder list. Brainstorming and interviews are two common techniques that can be used.</p>
<p>The goal is to ensure a thorough list is produced because this list is central to both stakeholder analysis activities and the planning work the business analyst performs for elicitation, collaboration, and communication.</p>
<p>Stakeholder lists may become quite lengthy. As the analysis is conducted, the business analyst categorizes and adds structure to the list. It is important to have an exhaustive list to ensure that no important stakeholder or stakeholder group has been overlooked, which opens up the risk that requirements will be missed later on.</p>
</section></body>
</html>