<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_079">
<p>4.4.4 Elements <strong>4.4.4</strong></p>
<h3 id="elements">Elements</h3>
<h2 id="1-determine-objectives-and-format-of-communication">.1 Determine Objectives and Format of Communication</h2>
<p>Business analysis information packages may be prepared for a number of reasons including—but not limited to—the following: • communication of requirements and designs to stakeholders, • early assessment of quality and planning, • evaluation of possible alternatives, • formal reviews and approvals, • inputs to solution design, • conformance to contractual and regulatory obligations, and • maintenance for reuse.</p>
<p>The primary goal of developing a package is to convey information clearly and in usable format for continuing change activities. To help decide how to present requirements, business analysts ask the following types of questions: • Who is the audience of the package?</p>
<p>• What will each type of stakeholder understand and need from the communication?</p>
<p>• What is each stakeholder’s preferred style of communication or learning?</p>
<p>• What information is important to communicate?</p>
<p>• Are the presentation and format of the package, and the information contained in the package, appropriate for the type of audience?</p>
<p>• How does the package support other activities?</p>
<p>• Are there any regulatory or contractual constraints to conform to?</p>
<p>Possible forms for packages may include: organization and may include text, matrices, or diagrams. It provides a stable, easy to use, long-term record of the information. are used during a change but are not part of a formal organizational process. goals of a change, functions of a solution, or information to support decision making.</p>
<p>Consideration is given to the best way to combine and present the materials to convey a cohesive and effective message to one or more stakeholder groups.</p>
<p>Packages can be stored in different online or offline repositories, including documents or tools.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-69">69</p>
</section></body>
</html>