<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.3 Estimation</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_232">
<p>10.2.4 Usage Considerations</p>
<p>Backlog Management as high, medium, or low. The high priority items tend to be reviewed more frequently since they are likely candidates for upcoming work. To differentiate between the high priority items, a more granular approach is used to specify the relative priority to other high priority items, such as a numerical ranking based on some measure of value.</p>
<h3 id="3-estimation">.3 Estimation</h3>
<p>The level of detail used to describe each backlog item may vary considerably.</p>
<p>Items near the top of the backlog are usually described in more detail, with a correspondingly accurate estimate about their relative size and complexity that would help to determine the cost and effort to complete them. When an item is first added, there may be very little detail included, especially if the item is not likely to be worked on in the near term.</p>
<p>A minimal amount of work is done on each item while it is on the backlog; just enough to be able to understand the work involved to complete it. As the work progresses on other items in the backlog, an individual item’s relative priority may rise, leading to a need to review it and possibly further elaborate or decompose it to better understand and estimate its size and complexity.</p>
<p>Feedback from the production process about the cost and effort to complete earlier items can be used to refine the estimates of items still in the backlog.</p>
<h3 id="4-managing-changes-to-the-backlog">.4 Managing Changes to the Backlog</h3>
<p>Items make their way to the top of the backlog based on their relative priority to other items in the backlog. When new or changed requirements are identified, they are added to the backlog and ordered relative to the other items already there.</p>
<p>Whenever work capacity becomes available the backlog is reviewed and items are selected based on the available capacity, dependencies between items, current understanding of the size, and complexity.</p>
<p>Items are removed from the backlog when they are completed, or if a decision has been made to not do any more work on them. However, removed items can be re-added to the backlog for a variety of reasons, including: • stakeholder needs could change significantly, • it could be more time-consuming than estimated, • other priority items could take longer to complete than estimated, or • the resulting work product might have defects.</p>
<p><strong>10.2.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• An effective approach to responding to changing stakeholder needs and priorities because the next work items selected from the backlog are always</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-222">222</p>
</section></body>
</html>