<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Figure 10.17.2: Decision Tree</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_277">
<p>specific values passed to it by the data elements that represent the branching nodes.</p>
<p>In the following decision tree, the rules in the tree share conditions (represented by earlier nodes in the tree).</p>
<h2 id="figure-10172-decision-tree">Figure 10.17.2: Decision Tree</h2>
<h3 id="eligible">Eligible</h3>
<p><strong>&gt;18</strong></p>
<h3 id="age">Age</h3>
<p><strong>&lt;=18</strong></p>
<h3 id="ineligible">Ineligible</h3>
<p><strong>&lt;=1000</strong></p>
<h3 id="eligible">Eligible</h3>
<p><strong>&gt;21</strong></p>
<h3 id="amount">Amount</h3>
<p><strong>1000-2000</strong></p>
<h3 id="age">Age</h3>
<p><strong>&lt;=21</strong></p>
<h3 id="ineligible">Ineligible</h3>
<p><strong>&gt;2000</strong></p>
<h3 id="eligible">Eligible</h3>
<p><strong>&gt;=25</strong></p>
<h3 id="age">Age</h3>
<p><strong>&lt;25</strong></p>
<h2 id="ineligible">Ineligible</h2>
<h3 id="decision-requirements-diagrams">Decision Requirements Diagrams</h3>
<p>A decision requirements diagram is a visual representation of the information, knowledge, and decision making involved in a more complex business decision.</p>
<p>Decision requirement diagrams contain the following elements: selects from a defined set of possible outputs by applying business rules and other decision logic. input to a decision on the diagram. off, representing sets of business rules, decision tables, decision trees, or even predictive analytic models that describe precisely how to make a decision. source documents or people from which the necessary decision logic can be or has been derived.</p>
<p>These nodes are linked together into a network to show the decomposition of complex decision making into simpler building blocks. Solid arrows show the information requirements for a decision. These information requirements might link input data to a decision, to show that this decision requires that data to be available, or might link two decisions together.</p>
<p>Business knowledge models which describe how to make a specific decision can be linked to that decision with dashed arrows to display knowledge requirements.</p>
<p>Knowledge sources can be linked to decisions with a dashed, rounded arrow to show that a knowledge source (for example, a document or person) is an authority for the decision. This is called an authority requirement.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-267">267</p>
</section></body>
</html>