<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 Depth of Change</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_406">
<p>how it is stored and accessed in order to support business transaction methods, or how information is reported and available to the business groups.</p>
<p>Business analysts working in IT carefully consider the context for any information technology change. They consider whether the change is managed as a project, a continuous improvement, or a maintenance activity. Business analysts also consider organizational change management and all impacts including training, communications, and adoption of the change.</p>
<p>The nature of business analysis activities in an IT environment depend on a variety of solution impact factors: • What happens to the business if this system shuts down?</p>
<p>• What happens if the system performance degrades?</p>
<p>• What business capabilities and processes depend on the IT system?</p>
<p>• Who contributes to those capabilities and processes?</p>
<p>• Who uses those capabilities and processes?</p>
<p>When considering these solution impact factors, not only do business analysts match the formality of analysis activities to the business analysis processes defined by the organization, but also consider the importance of the IT system.</p>
<p>The importance of the system under analysis may indicate that more analysis is needed to support and define the requirements for the change.</p>
<h3 id="2-depth-of-change">.2 Depth of Change</h3>
<p>Changes in an IT environment frequently require the business analyst to define explicit details, including technical details such as the definition of individual data elements being manipulated or impacted by the change. Integration efforts can require analysis and definition at a great level of detail while identifying and defining the interfaces between IT systems. Due to the level of detail required in these types of initiatives, business analysts elicit and analyze how the organization works as a whole and how the IT system will support those operations. This provides the necessary context for the business analyst to understand whether the details being discovered and documented are relevant to delivering value. This can be particularly challenging when an IT system change is initiated for technology driven reasons but without sufficient clarity or alignment to business purpose.</p>
<h3 id="3-value-and-solutions-delivered">.3 Value and Solutions Delivered</h3>
<p>Information technology systems are implemented to increase organizational value, which includes any support capabilities and processes that use the system.</p>
<p>Business analysts seek to align IT functionality to these processes and capabilities, and to measure the effect that the system has on them.</p>
<p>Changes to IT systems can increase value many ways, including: • reducing operating costs, • decreasing wasted effort,</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-396">396</p>
</section></body>
</html>