<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Usage Considerations</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_351">
<p>10.41.4 Usage Considerations</p>
<p>Sequence Diagrams <strong>10.41.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• A scope model facilitates agreement as a basis for: • defining contractual obligations, • estimating the project effort, • justifying in-scope/out-of-scope decisions in requirements analysis, and • assessing the completeness and impact of solutions.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• An initial, high-level model can lack a sufficient level of granularity, particularly for boundary elements, that is needed to ensure clear scope identification.</p>
<p>• Once a scope is defined, changing it may be difficult due to political reasons and contractual obligations. Meanwhile, many factors can affect the scope validity before the targets are achieved. Such factors as wrong initial assumptions, situation change, evolution of stakeholder needs, or technology innovations may cause a need for revising the scope partially or entirely.</p>
<p>• Traditional scope models cannot address common complex boundaries, such as a horizon (a boundary that is completely dependent on the position of the stakeholder).</p>
<p><strong>10.42</strong></p>
<h3 id="sequence-diagrams">Sequence Diagrams</h3>
<p><strong>10.42.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>Sequence diagrams are used to model the logic of usage scenarios by showing the information passed between objects in the system through the execution of the scenario.</p>
<p><strong>10.42.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>A sequence diagram shows how processes or objects interact during a scenario.</p>
<p>The classes required to execute the scenario and the messages they pass to one another (triggered by steps in the use case) are displayed on the diagram. The sequence diagram shows how objects used in the scenario interact, but not how they are related to one another. Sequence diagrams are also often used to show how user interface components or software components interact.</p>
<p>The diagram represents information in a horizontal and vertical alignment. The objects that send messages to each other are represented as boxes that are aligned at the top of the page from the left to the right, with each object occupying a column of space on the page bordered by a vertical line stretching down to the bottom of the page. The messages that are sent from one object to</p>
</section></body>
</html>