<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• establishment of a BPM Centre of Excellence,</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_436">
<p>• increase in productivity, • emerging competition, • risk management, • compliance initiatives, • next generation process automation, • core system implementation, • innovation and growth, • post merger and acquisition rationalization, • standardization initiatives, • major transformation programs,</p>
<h3 id="establishment-of-a-bpm-centre-of-excellence">• establishment of a BPM Centre of Excellence,</h3>
<p>• increased agility, and • speed or faster processes.</p>
<h3 id="4-delivery-approach">.4 Delivery Approach</h3>
<p>The delivery approach for BPM initiatives across organizations ranges from a set of tactical methods focused on improving individual processes to a management discipline that touches all the processes in an organization. The main purpose of process transformation is to help organizations identify, prioritize, and optimize their business processes to deliver value to stakeholders.</p>
<p>Organizations conduct periodic assessments of key processes and engage in ongoing continuous improvement to achieve and sustain process excellence. The success of BPM can be measured by how well the BPM initiative aligns to the objectives set for BPM in the organization.</p>
<p>There are several mechanisms that can be used to implement BPM: redesign across the enterprise. for the process and then individual changes aimed at bringing sub-processes in line with those goals are implemented. are undefined or if the documented version of the process is substantially different from the actual process in use. Substantial discovery is about revealing actual processes and is a method for organizational analysis. and performance metrics to industry best practices. Dimensions typically measured are quality, time, and cost. and execute the process models directly. These applications are tools that</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-426">426</p>
</section></body>
</html>