<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Scope Modelling</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_348">
<p>10.41 Scope Modelling</p>
<p>Scope Modelling <strong>10.41</strong></p>
<h3 id="scope-modelling">Scope Modelling</h3>
<p><strong>10.41.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>Scope models define the nature of one or more limits or boundaries and place elements inside or outside those boundaries.</p>
<p><strong>10.41.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Scope models are commonly used to describe the boundaries of control, change, a solution, or a need. They may also be used to delimit any simple boundary (as distinct from horizons, emergent properties, and recursive systems).</p>
<p>These models may show elements that include: the elements contained by that boundary (for example, functional decomposition). well as the elements that are not contained by that boundary (for example, context diagram). elements on both sides of the boundary (for example, venn diagram or use case model).</p>
<p>Scope models provide the basis for understanding the boundaries of: what is internal and external to the organization. and organizational units to be explored. change. and events to cause or prevent.</p>
<p>Scope models are typically represented as a combination of diagrams, matrices, and textual explanations. If the scope is implemented in phases or iterations, the scope model should be described per each phase or iteration.</p>
<p><strong>10.41.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-objectives">.1 Objectives</h3>
<p>Scope models are typically used to clarify the: • span of control, • relevance of elements, and • where effort will be applied.</p>
</section></body>
</html>