<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Benchmarking and Market Analysis</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_236">
<p>10.4 Benchmarking and Market Analysis</p>
<p>Benchmarking and Market Analysis <strong>10.4</strong></p>
<h3 id="benchmarking-and-market-analysis">Benchmarking and Market Analysis</h3>
<p><strong>10.4.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>Benchmarking and market analysis are conducted to improve organizational operations, increase customer satisfaction, and increase value to stakeholders.</p>
<p><strong>10.4.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Benchmark studies are conducted to compare organizational practices against the best-in-class practices. Best practices may be found in competitor enterprises, in government, or from industry associations. The objective of benchmarking is to evaluate enterprise performance and ensure that the enterprise is operating efficiently. Benchmarking may also be performed against standards for compliance purposes. The results from the benchmark study may initiate change within an organization.</p>
<p>Market analysis involves researching customers in order to determine the products and services that they need or want, the factors that influence their decisions to purchase, and the competitors that exist in the market. The objective of market analysis is to acquire this information in order to support the various decision-making processes within an organization. Market analysis can also help determine when to exit a market. It may be used to determine if partnering, merging, or divesting are viable alternatives for an enterprise.</p>
<p><strong>10.4.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-benchmarking">.1 Benchmarking</h3>
<p>Benchmarking includes: • identifying the areas to be studied, • identifying enterprises that are leaders in the sector (including competitors), • conducting a survey of selected enterprises to understand their practices, • using a Request for Information (RFI) to gather information about capabilities, • arranging visits to best-in-class organizations, • determining gaps between current and best practices, and • developing a project proposal to implement best practices.</p>
<h3 id="2-market-analysis">.2 Market Analysis</h3>
<p>Market Analysis requires that business analysts: • identify customers and understand their preferences, • identify opportunities that may increase value to stakeholders, • identify competitors and investigate their operations,</p>
</section></body>
</html>