<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Customer</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_247">
<p><strong>Figure 10.8.1: Business Model Canvas</strong></p>
<h2 id="customer">Customer</h2>
<h2 id="segments">Segments</h2>
<h2 id="customer">Customer</h2>
<h2 id="relationships">Relationships</h2>
<h2 id="key">Key</h2>
<h2 id="partnerships">Partnerships</h2>
<h2 id="value">Value</h2>
<h2 id="proposition">Proposition</h2>
<h2 id="key">Key</h2>
<h2 id="activities">Activities</h2>
<h2 id="key-resources">Key Resources</h2>
<h2 id="channels">Channels</h2>
<h2 id="cost-structure">Cost Structure</h2>
<h3 id="revenue-streams">Revenue Streams</h3>
<p>A business model canvas can be used as a diagnostic and planning tool regarding strategy and initiatives. As a diagnostic tool, the various elements of the canvas are used as a lens into the current state of the business, especially with regards to the relative amounts of energy, time, and resources the organization is currently investing in various areas. As a planning and monitoring tool, the canvas can be used as a guideline and framework for understanding inter-dependencies and priorities among groups and initiatives.</p>
<p>A business model canvas allows for the mapping of programs, projects, and other initiatives (such as recruitment or talent retention) to the strategy of the enterprise. In this capacity, the canvas can be used to view where the enterprise is investing, where a particular initiative fits, and any related initiatives.</p>
<p>A business model canvas can also be used to demonstrate where the efforts of various departments and work groups fit and align to the overall strategy of the enterprise.</p>
<h2 id="1-elements">.1 Elements</h2>
<h3 id="key-partnerships">Key Partnerships</h3>
<p>Key partnerships frequently involve some degree of sharing of proprietary information, including technologies. An effective key partnership can, in some cases, lead to more formalized relationships such as mergers and acquisitions.</p>
<p>The benefits in engaging in key partnerships include: • optimization and economy, • reduction of risk and uncertainty, • acquisition of particular resources and activities, and • lack of internal capabilities.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-237">237</p>
</section></body>
</html>