<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Usage Considerations</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_363">
<p>10.45.4 Usage Considerations</p>
<p>SWOT Analysis • formulate categories for encoding the data, and • break down the data into measurable increments.</p>
<p><strong>10.45.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• Quick and relatively inexpensive to administer.</p>
<p>• Easier to collect information from a larger audience than other techniques such as interviews.</p>
<p>• Does not typically require significant time from the respondents.</p>
<p>• Effective and efficient when stakeholders are geographically dispersed.</p>
<p>• When using closed-ended questions, surveys can be effective for obtaining quantitative data for use in statistical analysis.</p>
<p>• When using open-ended questions, survey results may yield insights and opinions not easily obtained through other elicitation techniques.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• To achieve unbiased results, specialized skills in statistical sampling methods are needed when surveying a subset of potential respondents.</p>
<p>• The response rates may be too low for statistical significance.</p>
<p>• Use of open-ended questions requires more analysis.</p>
<p>• Ambiguous questions may be left unanswered or answered incorrectly.</p>
<p>• May require follow-up questions or more survey iterations depending on the answers provided.</p>
<p><strong>10.46</strong></p>
<h3 id="swot-analysis">SWOT Analysis</h3>
<p><strong>10.46.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>SWOT analysis is a simple yet effective tool used to evaluate an organization's strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats to both internal and external conditions.</p>
<p><strong>10.46.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>SWOT analysis is used to identify the overall state of an organization both internally and externally.</p>
<p>The language used in a SWOT analysis is brief, specific, realistic, and supported by evidence. SWOT analysis serves as an evaluation of an organization against identified success factors. SWOT can be performed at any scale from the</p>
</section></body>
</html>