<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 Limitations</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_343">
<p>10.39 Roles and Permissions Matrix</p>
<p>Roles and Permissions Matrix</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• The number of possible risks to most initiatives can easily become unmanageably large. It may only be possible to manage a subset of potential risks.</p>
<p>• There is the possibility that significant risks are not identified.</p>
<p><strong>10.39</strong></p>
<h3 id="roles-and-permissions-matrix">Roles and Permissions Matrix</h3>
<p><strong>10.39.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>A roles and permissions matrix is used to ensure coverage of activities by denoting responsibility, to identify roles, to discover missing roles, and to communicate results of a planned change.</p>
<p><strong>10.39.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Role and permission allocation involves identifying roles, associating these with solution activities, and then denoting authorities who can perform these activities. A role is a label for a group of individuals who share common functions.</p>
<p>Each function is portrayed as one or more solution activities. A single activity can be associated with one or more roles by designating authorities. Each individual that is assigned this authority can perform the associated activity.</p>
<p>The following is an example of a roles and permissions matrix for a software system.</p>
<h2 id="figure-10391-roles-and-permissions-matrix">Figure 10.39.1: Roles and Permissions Matrix</h2>
<h2 id="administrator">Administrator</h2>
<h2 id="roles-and-permissions">Roles and Permissions</h2>
<h2 id="role-group-1">Role Group 1</h2>
<h2 id="customer">Customer</h2>
<h2 id="role-group-2">Role Group 2</h2>
<h2 id="manager">Manager</h2>
<h2 id="matrix">Matrix</h2>
<h2 id="sales">Sales</h2>
<h3 id="activity">Activity</h3>
<p><strong>Create new account </strong></p>
<h2 id="x">X</h2>
<h2 id="x">X</h2>
<h3 id="x">X</h3>
<p><strong>Modify account </strong></p>
<h2 id="x">X</h2>
<h2 id="x">X</h2>
<h3 id="x">X</h3>
<p><strong>Create order </strong></p>
<h2 id="x">X</h2>
<h2 id="x">X</h2>
<h2 id="x">X</h2>
<h3 id="x">X</h3>
<p><strong>View reports </strong></p>
<h2 id="x">X</h2>
<h2 id="x">X</h2>
<h3 id="x">X</h3>
<p><strong>Create reports </strong></p>
<h2 id="x">X</h2>
<h2 id="x">X</h2>
<h3 id="x">X</h3>
</section></body>
</html>