<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Interviews</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_166">
<p>7.5.7 Stakeholders</p>
<h3 id="interviews">• Interviews</h3>
<p>options.</p>
<h2 id="lessons-learned">• Lessons Learned</h2>
<h2 id="mind-mapping">• Mind Mapping</h2>
<h3 id="root-cause-analysis">• Root Cause Analysis</h3>
<p>problems being addressed in the change to propose solutions to address them.</p>
<h3 id="survey-or-questionnaire">• Survey or Questionnaire</h3>
<p>and design options.</p>
<h3 id="vendor-assessment">• Vendor Assessment</h3>
<p>with an assessment of the vendor to ensure that the solution is viable and all parties will be able to develop and maintain a healthy working relationship.</p>
<h3 id="workshops">• Workshops</h3>
<p>options.</p>
<p><strong>7.5.7</strong></p>
<h2 id="stakeholders">Stakeholders</h2>
<h3 id="domain-subject-matter-expert">• Domain Subject Matter Expert</h3>
<p>provide input and feedback when evaluating solution alternatives, particularly for the potential benefits of a solution.</p>
<h3 id="implementation-subject-matter-expert">• Implementation Subject Matter Expert</h3>
<p>design options being considered to provide needed input about the constraints of a solution and its costs.</p>
<h3 id="operational-support">• Operational Support</h3>
<p>proposed solutions with existing processes and systems.</p>
<h3 id="project-manager">• Project Manager</h3>
<p>including the solution scope and any risks associated with the proposed solutions.</p>
<h3 id="supplier">• Supplier</h3>
<p>design option.</p>
<p><strong>7.5.8</strong></p>
<h2 id="outputs">Outputs</h2>
<h3 id="design-options">• Design Options</h3>
<p>context. They may include solution approach, potential improvement opportunities provided by the option, and the components that define the option.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-156">156</p>
</section></body>
</html>