<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Document Analysis</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_096">
<p>5.2.7 Stakeholders</p>
<h3 id="document-analysis">• Document Analysis</h3>
<p>enterprise that can serve as the basis for maintaining and reusing requirements.</p>
<h3 id="functional-decomposition">• Functional Decomposition</h3>
<p>components and available for reuse.</p>
<h3 id="process-modelling">• Process Modelling</h3>
<p>processes that may be available for reuse.</p>
<h3 id="use-cases-and-scenarios">• Use Cases and Scenarios</h3>
<p>utilized by more than one solution.</p>
<h3 id="user-stories">• User Stories</h3>
<p>be available for reuse.</p>
<p><strong>5.2.7</strong></p>
<h2 id="stakeholders">Stakeholders</h2>
<h3 id="domain-subject-matter-expert">• Domain Subject Matter Expert</h3>
<p>regular basis to ensure they are accurately reflecting stated needs.</p>
<h3 id="implementation-subject-matter-expert">• Implementation Subject Matter Expert</h3>
<p>when developing regression tests and conducting impact analysis for an enhancement.</p>
<h3 id="operational-support">• Operational Support</h3>
<p>confirm the current state.</p>
<h3 id="regulator">• Regulator</h3>
<p>compliance to standards.</p>
<h3 id="tester">• Tester</h3>
<p>case creation.</p>
<p><strong>5.2.8</strong></p>
<h3 id="outputs">Outputs</h3>
<p><strong>• Requirements (maintained)</strong> by the organization. They may become organizational process assets or be used in future initiatives. In some cases, a requirement that was not approved or implemented may be maintained for a possible future initiative.</p>
<p><strong>• Designs (maintained)</strong> contained component that can be made available for possible future use.</p>
<p><strong>5.3</strong> <strong>5.3.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>The purpose of Prioritize Requirements is to rank requirements in the order of relative importance.</p>
</section></body>
</html>