<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Present Value = Sum of (Net Benefits in that period / (1 + Discount Rate for</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_288">
<p>present-day value. The benefit to be realized sometime in the future is reduced by the discount rate to determine its worth today.</p>
<p>The formula to calculate present value is:</p>
<h3 id="present-value-sum-of-net-benefits-in-that-period-1-discount-rate-for">Present Value = Sum of (Net Benefits in that period / (1 + Discount Rate for</h3>
<p><em>that period)) for all periods in the cost-benefit analysis.</em></p>
<p>Present value is expressed in currency. The higher the present value, the greater the total benefit.</p>
<p>Present value does not consider the cost of the original investment.</p>
<h3 id="net-present-value">Net Present Value</h3>
<p>Net present value (NPV) is the present value of the benefits minus the original cost of the investment. In this way, different investments, and different benefit patterns can be compared in terms of present day value. The higher the NPV, the better the investment.</p>
<p>The formula to calculate net present value is:</p>
<h3 id="net-present-value-present-value-cost-of-investment">Net Present Value = Present Value – Cost of Investment</h3>
<p>Net present value is expressed in currency. The higher the NPV, the better the investment.</p>
<h3 id="internal-rate-of-return">Internal Rate of Return</h3>
<p>The internal rate of return (IRR) is the interest rate at which an investment breaks even, and is usually used to determine if the change, solution or solution approach is worth investing in. The business analyst may compare the IRR of one solution or solution approach to a minimum threshold that the organization expects to earn from its investments (called the hurdle rate). If the change initiative’s IRR is less than the hurdle rate, then the investment should not be made.</p>
<p>Once the planned investment passes the hurdle rate, it could be compared to other investments of the same duration. The investment with the higher IRR would be the better investment. For example, the business analyst could compare two solution approaches over the same time period, and would recommend the one with the higher IRR.</p>
<p>The IRR is internal to one organization since it does not consider external influencers such as inflation or fluctuating interest rates or a changing business context.</p>
<p>The IRR calculation is based on the interest rate at which the NPV is 0:</p>
<h3 id="net-present-value-1-x-original-investment-sum-of-net-benefit-for">Net Present Value = (-1 x Original Investment) + Sum of (net benefit for</h3>
<p><em>that period / (1 + IRR) for all periods) = 0.</em></p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-278">278</p>
</section></body>
</html>