<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.3 Effectiveness Measures</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_199">
<p>9.1.2 Decision Making overcome rigid approaches to problem solving by questioning conventional approaches and encouraging new ideas and innovations that are appropriate to the situation. Creative thinking may involve combining, changing, and reapplying existing concepts or ideas. Business analysts can be effective in promoting creative thinking in others by identifying and proposing alternatives, and by asking questions and challenging assumptions.</p>
<h3 id="3-effectiveness-measures">.3 Effectiveness Measures</h3>
<p>Measures of effective creative thinking include: • generating and productively considering new ideas, • exploring concepts and ideas that are new, • exploring changes to existing concepts and ideas, • generating creativity for self and others, and • applying new ideas to resolve existing problems.</p>
<p><strong>9.1.2</strong></p>
<h2 id="decision-making">Decision Making</h2>
<h3 id="1-purpose">.1 Purpose</h3>
<p>Business analysts must be effective in understanding the criteria involved in making a decision, and in assisting others to make better decisions.</p>
<h3 id="2-definition">.2 Definition</h3>
<p>When a business analyst or a group of stakeholders is faced with having to select an option from a set of alternatives, a decision must be made on which is the most advantageous for the stakeholders and the enterprise. Determining this involves gathering the information that is relevant to the decision, analyzing the relevant information, making comparisons and trade-offs between similar and dissimilar options, and identifying the most desirable option. Business analysts document decisions (and the rationale supporting those decisions) to use them as a reference in the event a similar decision is required in the future or if they are required to explain why a decision was made.</p>
<h3 id="3-effectiveness-measures">.3 Effectiveness Measures</h3>
<p>Measures of effective decision making include: • the appropriate stakeholders are represented in the decision-making process, • stakeholders understand the decision-making process and the rationale behind the decision, • the pros and cons of all available options are clearly communicated to stakeholders, • the decision reduces or eliminates uncertainty, and any remaining uncertainty is accepted,</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-189">189</p>
</section></body>
</html>