<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Definition</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_143">
<p><strong>Requirements Analysis and Design </strong></p>
<h3 id="definition">Definition</h3>
<h2 id="the-requirements-analysis-and-design-definition-knowledge-area-describes-the">The Requirements Analysis and Design Definition knowledge area describes the</h2>
<p>tasks that business analysts perform to structure and organize requirements discovered during elicitation activities, specify and model requirements and designs, validate and verify information, identify solution options that meet business needs, and estimate the potential value that could be realized for each solution option. This knowledge area covers the incremental and iterative activities ranging from the initial concept and exploration of the need through the transformation of those needs into a particular recommended solution.</p>
<p>Both requirements and designs are important tools used by business analysts to define and guide change. The main difference between requirements and designs is in how they are used and by whom. One person’s designs may be another person’s requirements. Requirements and designs may be either high-level or very detailed based upon what is appropriate to those consuming the information.</p>
<p>The business analyst's role in modelling needs, requirements, designs, and solutions is instrumental in conducting thorough analysis and communicating with other stakeholders. The form, level of detail, and what is being modelled are all dependent on the context, audience, and purpose.</p>
<p>Business analysts analyze the potential value of both requirements and designs. In collaboration with implementation subject matter experts, business analysts define solution options that can be evaluated in order to recommend the best solution option that meets the need and brings the most value.</p>
<p>The following image illustrates the spectrum of value as business analysis activities progress from delivering potential value to actual value.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-133">133</p>
</section></body>
</html>