<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.6 Interview Follow-Up</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_303">
<p>10.25.4 Usage Considerations • practices active listening to confirm what the interviewer has said, and • takes written notes or records the interview as appropriate.</p>
<p>Closing the interview includes: • asking the interviewees for areas that may have been overlooked in the session, • providing contact information for the interviewees to follow up with additional information after the meeting as needed, • summarizing the session, • outlining the process for how the interview results will be used, and • thanking the interviewees for their time.</p>
<h3 id="6-interview-follow-up">.6 Interview Follow-Up</h3>
<p>It is important for the interviewer to organize the information and confirm results with the interviewees as soon as possible after the interview. Sharing the information that has been learned allows the interviewees to point out any missed or incorrectly recorded items.</p>
<p><strong>10.25.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• Encourages participation by and establishes rapport with stakeholders.</p>
<p>• Simple, direct technique that can be used in a variety of situations.</p>
<p>• Allows the interviewer and participant to have full discussions and explanations of the questions and answers.</p>
<p>• Enables observations of non-verbal behaviour.</p>
<p>• The interviewer can ask follow-up and probing questions to confirm their own understanding.</p>
<p>• Maintains focus through the use of clear objectives for the interview that are agreed upon by all participants and can be met in the time allotted.</p>
<p>• Allows interviewees to express opinions in private that they may be reluctant to express in public, especially when interview results are kept confidential.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• Significant time is required to plan for and conduct interviews.</p>
<p>• Requires considerable commitment and involvement of the participants.</p>
<p>• Training is required to conduct effective interviews.</p>
<p>• Based on the level of clarity provided during the interview, the resulting documentation may be subject to the interviewer's interpretation.</p>
<p>• There is a risk of unintentionally leading the interviewee.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-293">293</p>
</section></body>
</html>