<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 Limitations</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_339">
<p>10.38 Risk Analysis and Management • Desk checks and pass around reviews can be performed by a reviewer at a convenient time, rather than interrupting work in progress to attend a meeting.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• Rigorous team reviews take time and effort. Thus, only the most critical work products might be reviewed using inspection or formal walkthrough techniques.</p>
<p>• Informal reviews by one or two reviewers are practical in terms of the effort required, but they provide less assurance of removing all significant defects than using a larger team and more formal process.</p>
<p>• For desk checks and pass around reviews it may be difficult for the author to validate that an independent review was done by each participant.</p>
<p>• If review comments are shared and discussed via e-mail there may be many messages to process, which makes it difficult for the author to resolve disagreements or differences in suggested changes.</p>
<p><strong>10.38</strong> <strong>10.38.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>Risk analysis and management identifies areas of uncertainty that could negatively affect value, analyzes and evaluates those uncertainties, and develops and manages ways of dealing with the risks.</p>
<p><strong>10.38.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Failure to identify and manage risks may negatively affect the value of the solution. Risk analysis and management involves identifying, analyzing, and evaluating risks. Where sufficient controls are not already in place, business analysts develop plans for avoiding, reducing, or modifying the risks, and when necessary, implementing these plans.</p>
<p>Risk management is an ongoing activity. Continuous consultation and communication with stakeholders helps to both identify new risks and to monitor identified risks.</p>
<p><strong>10.38.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-risk-identification">.1 Risk Identification</h3>
<p>Risks are discovered and identified through a combination of expert judgment, stakeholder input, experimentation, past experiences, and historical analysis of similar initiatives and situations. The goal is to identify a comprehensive set of relevant risks and to minimize the unknowns. Risk identification is an ongoing activity.</p>
</section></body>
</html>