<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Analysis.</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_111">
<p><strong>The Core Concept Model in Strategy Analysis</strong></p>
<p>The relationships among the six core concepts. The following table describes the usage and application of each of the core concepts within the context of Strategy</p>
<h3 id="analysis">Analysis.</h3>
<h2 id="table-601-the-core-concept-model-in-strategy-analysis">Table 6.0.1: The Core Concept Model in Strategy Analysis</h2>
<h2 id="core-concept">Core Concept</h2>
<h3 id="during-strategy-analysis-business">During Strategy Analysis, business</h3>
<p><strong>analysts...</strong></p>
<h3 id="change">Change</h3>
<p>transformation in response to a need. define the future state and develop a change strategy to achieve the future state.</p>
<p><strong>Need</strong> to be addressed. identify needs within the current state and prioritize needs to determine the desired future state.</p>
<h3 id="solution">Solution</h3>
<p>satisfying one or more needs in a context. define the scope of a solution as part of developing a change strategy.</p>
<h3 id="stakeholder">Stakeholder</h3>
<p>individual with a relationship to the change, the need, or the solution. collaborate with stakeholders to understand the business need and to develop a change strategy and future state that will meet those needs.</p>
<h3 id="value">Value</h3>
<p>usefulness of something to a stakeholder within a context. examine the potential value of the solution to determine if a change is justified.</p>
<h3 id="context">Context</h3>
<p>influence, are influenced by, and provide understanding of the change. consider the context of the enterprise in developing a change strategy.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-101">101</p>
</section></body>
</html>