<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.3 Effectiveness Measures</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_208">
<p>preferable to the stakeholders, business analysts can maximize the quality of service delivered and more efficiently help the organization achieve its goals and objectives. Having the curiosity to learn what others need and possessing the courage to try a different behaviour is adapting to situations and context.</p>
<p>Business analysts sometimes have to modify the way they interact with stakeholders, such as the way they conduct interviews or the way they facilitate workshops. Different stakeholders have different levels of comfort with techniques that are in the business analysis tool kit. Some stakeholders are more visual and respond better to information that is represented visually in models, diagrams, and pictures. Other stakeholders are more verbal and prefer textual descriptions. Being able to determine which techniques will work and which will not, and then adapt accordingly increases the likelihood of a successful interaction.</p>
<p>In the event that the goals and objectives of the organization change, business analysts respond by accepting the changes and adapting to a new mandate.</p>
<p>Similarly, when circumstances arise or unanticipated problems occur, business analysts adapt by altering their plans and identifying options that can be used to deliver maximum value. The business analyst adapts when the business or stakeholder needs change, or when the context of the goal or the objective changes. When the need itself changes, the business analyst adapts by altering the plans and the approach in order to ensure that value is provided and delivered as part of the solution.</p>
<h3 id="3-effectiveness-measures">.3 Effectiveness Measures</h3>
<p>Measures of effective adaptability include: • demonstrating the courage to act differently from others, • adapting to changing conditions and environments, • valuing and considering other points of view and approaches, • demonstrating a positive attitude in the face of ambiguity and change, • demonstrating a willingness to learn new methods, procedures, or techniques in order to accomplish goals and objectives, • changing behaviour to perform effectively under changing or unclear conditions, • acquiring and applying new information and skills to address new challenges, • acceptance of having changes made to tasks, roles and project assignments as organizational realities change, • altering interpersonal style to highly diverse individuals and groups in a range of situations, and • evaluating what worked, what did not, and what could be done differently next time.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-198">198</p>
</section></body>
</html>