<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Business Decisions</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_441">
<p>11.5.3 Frameworks, Methodologies, and Techniques business, process performance measures can indicate the maturity level of process culture in an organization and generate a shared understanding of process performance across an organization. Performance measures are keys to defining service level agreements where an organization provides service to their customers.</p>
<h3 id="business-decisions">Business Decisions</h3>
<p>Business decisions are a specific kind of task or activity in a business process that determine which of a set of options will be acted upon by the process. Decisions must be made (using a task or activity) and then acted upon (often with a gateway or branch in the process). Decisions may be manual or automated, are modelled independently, and are best described using business rules. Decision rules, often implemented through a business rules engine, allow these business decisions to be automated.</p>
<h3 id="process-performance-assessment">Process Performance Assessment</h3>
<p>The success of any BPM initiative rests on the intention and capability to continuously measure and monitor the performance of targeted business processes. The assessment can be static and be documented with assessment reports and scorecards, or dynamic and be delivered through dashboards. It provides necessary information to decision makers in an organization to redeploy and adjust resources in order to meet process performance goals.</p>
<p><strong>11.5.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="frameworks-methodologies-and-techniques">Frameworks, Methodologies, and Techniques</h2>
<h3 id="1-frameworks">.1 Frameworks</h3>
<p>The following table lists frameworks that are commonly used within the discipline of business process management.</p>
<h2 id="bpm-frameworks">BPM Frameworks</h2>
<h3 id="framework">Framework</h3>
<p><strong>Brief description</strong></p>
<h3 id="accord">ACCORD</h3>
<p>A methodological framework that maps current state models, as well as unstructured data, to conceptual models.</p>
<h2 id="enhanced">Enhanced</h2>
<h2 id="telecommunications">Telecommunications</h2>
<h3 id="operations-map-etom">Operations Map (eTOM)</h3>
<p>A hierarchical framework developed for the telecommunications industry that has been adopted by other service-oriented industries.</p>
<h2 id="governments-strategic">Governments Strategic</h2>
<h3 id="reference-model-gsrm">Reference Model (GSRM)</h3>
<p>A life cycle framework that provides generic government processes and patterns for each stage of organizational maturity.</p>
<p>Model based and</p>
<h3 id="integrated-process">Integrated Process</h3>
<p>Improvement (MIPI) A cyclical framework whose steps include assess readiness, outline process under review, detail data collection, form model of current process, assess and redesign process, implement improved process, and review process.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-431">431</p>
</section></body>
</html>