<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>The Body of Knowledge Committee developed version 2.0 of</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_009">
<p><strong>Preface</strong> by: • creating and developing awareness and recognition of the value and contribution of the business analyst, • defining the • providing a forum for knowledge sharing and contribution to the business analysis profession, and • publicly recognizing and certifying qualified practitioners through an internationally acknowledged certification program.</p>
<p>The Body of Knowledge Committee was formed in October of 2004 to define and draft a global standard for the practice of business analysis. In January of 2005, IIBA released version 1.0 of <em>to the Business Analysis Body of Knowledge</em> included an outline of the proposed content and some key definitions. Version 1.4 was released in October of 2005, with draft content in some knowledge areas. Version 1.6, which included detailed information regarding most of the knowledge areas, was published in draft form in June of 2006 and updated to incorporate errata in October of 2008.</p>
<h2 id="the-body-of-knowledge-committee-developed-version-20-of">The Body of Knowledge Committee developed version 2.0 of</h2>
<h3 id="knowledge">Knowledge</h3>
<p>expert, practitioner, and public reviews. Version 2.0 introduced such concepts as the Requirements Classification Schema and the Input/Output models. Version 2.0 was published in 2009 and became the globally recognized standard for the practice of business analysis.</p>
<p>Following the publication of version 2.0, IIBA sought out a number of recognized experts in business analysis and related fields and solicited their feedback on the content of that edition. The Body of Knowledge Committee used these comments to plan the vision and scope of this revision. The Body of Knowledge Committee worked with teams of expert writers to revise and update the content. The revised draft of by teams of both expert and practitioner reviewers. The Body of Knowledge Committee used the feedback provided to further enhance and refine the text and then made the content available to the business analysis community for review in 2014. The thousands of items of feedback from this public review were used to further revise the text to form</p>
<h3 id="knowledge">Knowledge</h3>
<p>The goal of this revision was to: • incorporate new concepts and practices in use since the last revision, • address the broadening and evolving scope of the profession, • incorporate lessons learned from practitioners who have worked with the current version, • improve the readability and usability of the guide, • improve the consistency and quality of text and illustrations, and • improve consistency with other generally accepted standards relating to the practice of business analysis. v</p>
</section></body>
</html>