<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.3 Constraints</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_124">
<p><strong>.2 Scope of Solution Space</strong> Decisions must be made about the range of solutions that will be considered to meet the business goals and objectives. The scope of the solution space defines which kinds of options will be considered when investigating possible solutions, including changes to the organizational structure or culture, capabilities and processes, technology and infrastructure, policies, products, or services, or even creating or changing relationships with organizations currently outside the scope of the extended enterprise. Solutions in each of these areas generally require specific expertise from both the business analysis and the delivery team. The analysis for this might happen on different levels in the enterprise, and the scope of the solution space is not necessarily related to the size of the change. Even a small change might require looking at the enterprise-level business objectives to ensure alignment.</p>
<p>If multiple future states can meet the business needs, goals and objectives, it will be necessary to determine which ones will be considered. This decision is typically based on the value to be delivered to stakeholders and requires an understanding of possible change strategies. The critical considerations for the decision are dependent on the overall objectives of the enterprise, but will involve an understanding of the quantitative and qualitative value of each option, the time needed to achieve each future state, and the opportunity cost to the enterprise.</p>
<h3 id="3-constraints">.3 Constraints</h3>
<p>Constraints describe aspects of the current state, aspects of the planned future state that may not be changed by the solution, or mandatory elements of the design. They must be carefully examined to ensure that they are accurate and justified.</p>
<p>Constraints may reflect any of the following: • budgetary restrictions, • time restrictions, • technology, • infrastructure, • policies, • limits on the number of resources available, • restrictions based on the skills of the team and stakeholders, • a requirement that certain stakeholders not be affected by the implementation of the solution, • compliance with regulations, and • any other restriction.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-114">114</p>
</section></body>
</html>