<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.5 Influencers</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_321">
<p>10.32.4 Usage Considerations chart may mix organizational units and show a mix of people, teams, and higher-level divisions. assigned to each role.</p>
<p>• A line depicts: line typically denotes direct authority, while a dotted line indicates information transfer or situational authority. Lines of reporting depict the relationship between a manager and an organizational unit</p>
<h3 id="5-influencers">.5 Influencers</h3>
<p>Organizational charts are the primary tool for beginning organizational modelling.</p>
<p>Business analysts also identify informal lines of authority, influence, and communication which may not directly align with the formal organizational chart.</p>
<p>Determining all of the influencers is important in planning communication and making provisions for user acceptance. One method of identifying influencers may be to ask stakeholders, “Who can I ask…” and note the answers. An influencer may be a person everyone goes to for information, direction, and advice. Another method is to note who speaks for the group in meetings.</p>
<p><strong>10.32.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• Organizational models are common in most organizations.</p>
<p>• Including an organizational model in business analysis information allows team members to provide support. Future projects may benefit from knowing who was involved in this project and what their role entailed.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• Organizational models are sometimes out of date.</p>
<p>• Informal lines of authority, influence, and communication not reflected in the org chart are more difficult to identify and may conflict with the organizational chart.</p>
<p><strong>10.33</strong> <strong>10.33.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>Prioritization provides a framework for business analysts to facilitate stakeholder decisions and to understand the relative importance of business analysis information.</p>
</section></body>
</html>