<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.4 Business Analysis Outcomes</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_394">
<p>analysis, and specification of business needs.</p>
<p>In addition to that role, the business analyst may also participate in technical activities that are specific to business intelligence, including: • enterprise data modelling, • decision modelling, • specialized presentation design (for example, dashboards), and • ad hoc query design.</p>
<p>A business analyst working on a business intelligence initiative serves in one or in a combination of the following roles: • business analyst who is competent in the definition of business requirements and the assessment of potential solutions, • business intelligence functional analyst who has an understanding of data mining and predictive analytic techniques, as well as skills in developing visualizations, • data analyst who is experienced at defining source systems data to be used for the required analytical purposes, or • data modeller/architect who is skilled in defining the source and target data structures in logical data models.</p>
<h3 id="4-business-analysis-outcomes">.4 Business Analysis Outcomes</h3>
<p>In the business intelligence discipline, business analysis is focused on the major components of the solution architecture: • the specification of business decisions to be influenced or changed, • the collection of data from source systems, • the integration of divergent sources into a convergent enterprise framework, and • the provision of targeted information and analytic insight to business stakeholders.</p>
<p>The business analyst is responsible for the analysis and specification of the business requirements for all of these components and collaborates with technical specialists to assess solution artifacts.</p>
<p>The major outcomes of business analysis are: level overview of the business decisions within the enterprise that are to be supported by the solution. It identifies how the information output will be used and what value it will provide. decision to be supported and specify the business rules logic of how the individual information components contribute to the decision outcome. model provides a standard definition of the required data as held in each</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-384">384</p>
</section></body>
</html>