<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Inputs</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_184">
<p>8.3.3 Inputs has not met its potential value, business analysts determine which factors, both internal and external to the solution, are limiting value. This task focuses on the assessment of those factors internal to the solution.</p>
<p>This assessment may be performed at any point during the solution life cycle. It may occur on a solution component during its development, on a completed solution prior to full implementation, or on an existing solution that is currently working within an organization. Regardless of the timing, the assessment activities are similar and involve the same considerations.</p>
<p><strong>8.3.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="inputs">Inputs</h2>
<h3 id="implemented-solution-external">• Implemented Solution (external)</h3>
<p>may not be in operational use; it may be a prototype. The solution must be in use in some form in order to be evaluated.</p>
<h3 id="solution-performance-analysis">• Solution Performance Analysis</h3>
<p>collected and recommendations to solve for performance gaps and leverage opportunities to improve value.</p>
<h2 id="figure-831-assess-solution-limitations-inputoutput-diagram">Figure 8.3.1: Assess Solution Limitations Input/Output Diagram</h2>
<h3 id="input">Input</h3>
<p><strong>8.2</strong></p>
<h2 id="solution">Solution</h2>
<h3 id="implemented">Implemented</h3>
<p><strong>Solution (external)</strong></p>
<h2 id="analysis">Analysis</h2>
<h2 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h2>
<h3 id="change-strategy">Change Strategy</h3>
<p><strong>8.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="risk-analysis-results">Risk Analysis Results</h2>
<h2 id="output">Output</h2>
<h3 id="solution-scope">Solution Scope</h3>
<p><strong>8.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="solution-limitation">Solution Limitation</h2>
<h3 id="tasks-using-this-output">Tasks Using This Output</h3>
<p><strong>8.5</strong></p>
<h3 id="recommend">Recommend</h3>
<p><strong>6.1</strong></p>
<h2 id="analyze-current">Analyze Current</h2>
<h2 id="state">State</h2>
<h3 id="solution-value">Solution Value</h3>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-174">174</p>
</section></body>
</html>