<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_374">
<p>10.50.3 Elements reached and any outstanding issues. A business analyst may be the facilitator or the scribe in these workshops. In situations where the business analyst is a subject matter expert on the topic, they may serve as a workshop participant. This must be approached with caution as it can confuse others as to the role of the business analyst.</p>
<p><strong>10.50.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-prepare-for-the-workshop">.1 Prepare for the Workshop</h3>
<p>When preparing for a workshop, business analysts: • define the purpose and desired outcomes, • identify key stakeholders to participate, • identify the facilitator and scribe, • create the agenda, • determine how the outputs will be captured, • schedule the session and invite the participants, • arrange room logistics and equipment, • send the agenda and other materials in advance to prepare the attendees and increase productivity at the meeting, and • if appropriate, conduct pre-workshop interviews with participants.</p>
<h3 id="2-workshop-roles">.2 Workshop Roles</h3>
<p>There are several roles involved in a successful workshop: ultimate accountability for its outcome. introduces the goals and agenda for the workshop, enforces structure and ground rules, keeps activities focused on the purpose and desired outcomes, facilitates decision making and conflict resolution, and ensures that all participants have an opportunity to be heard. workshop and keeps track of any items or issues that are deferred during the session. item. are responsible for providing their input and views, listening to other views, and discussing the issues without bias.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-364">364</p>
</section></body>
</html>