<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.4 Business Analysis Outcomes</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_409">
<p>• a COTS representative who will allow for customized implementations of a packaged solution, and leverage the knowledge of the vendor's package and past implementation experience.</p>
<h3 id="4-business-analysis-outcomes">.4 Business Analysis Outcomes</h3>
<p>Within an IT initiative, a business analyst may consider business processes impacted by the change, as well as the data and business intelligence information collected by the system. Business analysts working in the initiative thoroughly plan the business analysis effort and the deliverables that support the change effort.</p>
<p>The change approach being utilized has a direct impact on business analysis deliverables or outcomes. Many organizations have a defined system or solution development methodology which, to some extent, dictates the deliverables which are required at each project milestone. Even within the context of this structure the business analyst may seek to complete additional deliverables beyond those required by the change approach or organization specific process, and employ techniques which support the comprehensive understanding of the change effort needed.</p>
<p>Business analysts working in the IT discipline are responsible for delivering any of the following: • defined, complete, testable, prioritized, and verified requirements, • analysis of alternatives, • business rules, • gap analysis, • functional decomposition, • use cases and scenarios, and/or user stories as appropriate, • interface analysis, • prototypes, • process analysis, • process models, • state models, • decision models, • context models or scope models, and • data models.</p>
<p>Additional deliverables not included in the above list but relating to any of the outputs of business analysis techniques used may also be considered deliverables of the business analyst.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-399">399</p>
</section></body>
</html>