<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Project Manager</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_071">
<p>4.1.8 Outputs</p>
<h3 id="project-manager">• Project Manager</h3>
<p>available to conduct the elicitation.</p>
<h3 id="sponsor">• Sponsor</h3>
<p>to authorize and require the participation of specific stakeholders.</p>
<p><strong>4.1.8</strong></p>
<h2 id="outputs">Outputs</h2>
<h3 id="elicitation-activity-plan">• Elicitation Activity Plan</h3>
<p>scope of the elicitation activity, selected techniques, and supporting materials.</p>
<p><strong>4.2</strong> <strong>4.2.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>The purpose of Conduct Elicitation is to draw out, explore, and identify information relevant to the change.</p>
<p><strong>4.2.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>There are three common types of elicitation: their experiences, expertise, and judgment. from materials or sources that are not directly known by stakeholders involved in the change. Stakeholders might still participate in the research.</p>
<p>Research can include data analysis of historical data to identify trends or past results. without some sort of controlled test. Some information cannot be drawn from people or documents—because it is unknown. Experiments can help discover this kind of information. Experiments include observational studies, proofs of concept, and prototypes.</p>
<p>One or more elicitation techniques may be used to produce the desired outcome within the scope of elicitation.</p>
<p>Stakeholders may collaborate in elicitation by: • participating and interacting during the elicitation activity, and • researching, studying, and providing feedback on documents, systems, models, and interfaces.</p>
<p><strong>4.2.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="inputs">Inputs</h2>
<h3 id="elicitation-activity-plan">• Elicitation Activity Plan</h3>
<p>techniques, activity logistics (for example, date, time, location, resources,</p>
</section></body>
</html>