<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>UAT: See</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_465">
<p>transition requirement: A requirement that describes the capabilities the solution must have and the conditions the solution must meet to facilitate transition from the current state to the future state, but which are not needed once the change is complete. They are differentiated from other requirements types because they are of a temporary nature. <strong>u</strong></p>
<h2 id="uat-see">UAT: See</h2>
<h3 id="uml">UML</h3>
<p>unified modelling language™ A notation specified by the Object Management Group for describing software application structure, behaviour, and architecture. It can also be used for describing business processes and data structures. The most common UML use case diagrams, activity diagrams, state machine diagrams (also known as state diagrams), and class diagrams. use case: A description of the observable interaction between an actor (or actors) and a solution that occurs when the actor uses the system to accomplish a specific goal. use case diagram: A type of diagram defined by UML and use cases involved with a system or product. user: See user acceptance test (UAT): Assessing whether the delivered solution meets the needs of the stakeholder group that will be using the solution. The assessment is validated against identified acceptance criteria. user requirement: See user story: A small, concise statement of functionality or quality needed to deliver value to a specific stakeholder. <strong>v</strong> validation (business analysis): The process of checking that a deliverable is suitable for its intended use. See also validated requirement: A requirement that has been reviewed and is determined to support the delivery of the expected benefits, and is within the solution scope. value (business analysis): The worth, importance, or usefulness of something to a stakeholder in a context. value stream mapping: A complete, fact-based, time-series representation of the stream of activities required to deliver a product or service. verification (business analysis): The process of determining that a deliverable or artifact meets an acceptable standard of quality. See also <em>verification</em></p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-455">455</p>
</section></body>
</html>