<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Domain Subject Matter Expert</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_141">
<p>6.4.8 Outputs group members, whose input is considered in the enterprise readiness assessment.</p>
<h2 id="domain-subject-matter-expert">• Domain Subject Matter Expert</h2>
<h3 id="end-user">• End User</h3>
<p>temporarily during the change. End users could be customers or people who work within the enterprise experiencing a change. Users might be involved in a change as testers or focus group members, whose input is considered in the enterprise readiness assessment.</p>
<h3 id="implementation-subject-matter-expert">• Implementation Subject Matter Expert</h3>
<p>the change.</p>
<h3 id="operational-support">• Operational Support</h3>
<p>enterprise, and provide information on their ability to support the operation of a solution during and after a change.</p>
<h3 id="project-manager">• Project Manager</h3>
<p>activities to complete a change. In a project, the project manager is responsible for the project scope, which covers all the work to be performed by the project team.</p>
<h3 id="regulator">• Regulator</h3>
<p>completion of the change. The regulator might have unique input to the enterprise readiness assessment, as there might be laws and regulations that must be complied with prior to or as a result of a planned or completed change.</p>
<h3 id="sponsor">• Sponsor</h3>
<p>the change.</p>
<h3 id="supplier">• Supplier</h3>
<p>change is completed.</p>
<h3 id="tester">• Tester</h3>
<p>parameters, accomplish the desired result, and deliver solutions that meet an appropriate level of quality. The tester is often involved in validation of components of a solution for which the results will be included in an enterprise readiness assessment.</p>
<p><strong>6.4.8</strong></p>
<h2 id="outputs">Outputs</h2>
<h3 id="change-strategy">• Change Strategy</h3>
<p>change.</p>
<h3 id="solution-scope">• Solution Scope</h3>
<p>the change strategy.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-131">131</p>
</section></body>
</html>