<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.4 Secure Supporting Material</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_069">
<p><strong>.3 Set Up Logistics</strong> Logistics are planned prior to an elicitation activity. The logistics for each elicitation activity include identifying: • the activity's goals, • participants and their roles, • scheduled resources, including people, rooms, and tools, • locations, • communication channels, • techniques, and • languages used by stakeholders (oral and written).</p>
<p>The logistics may also involve creating an agenda if other stakeholders are involved.</p>
<h3 id="4-secure-supporting-material">.4 Secure Supporting Material</h3>
<p>Business analysts identify sources of information that are needed to conduct the elicitation activity. There might be a great deal of information needed to conduct elicitation including people, systems, historical data, materials and documents.</p>
<p>Documents could include existing system documents, relevant business rules, organizational polices, regulations, and contracts. Supporting materials might also take the form of outputs of analysis work, such as draft versions of analysis models (see Specify and Model Requirements (p. 136)). Business analysts procure or develop the materials and tools needed. Additional planning for experimental elicitation might be required if novel tools, equipment, or techniques are going to be used.</p>
<h3 id="5-prepare-stakeholders">.5 Prepare Stakeholders</h3>
<p>Business analysts may need to educate stakeholders on how an elicitation technique works or what information is needed. It may be helpful to explain an elicitation technique to stakeholders not involved in the activity to help them understand the validity and relevance of the information elicited. Stakeholders may be unresponsive or challenging during an elicitation activity if they feel that it is not aligned to their individual objectives, don't understand the purpose, or are confused about the process. In preparing for elicitation, the business analyst should ensure that there is buy-in from all necessary stakeholders.</p>
<p>Business analysts may also prepare stakeholders by requesting that they review supporting materials prior to the elicitation activity in order to make it as effective as possible. An agenda might be provided in advance to support stakeholders in coming prepared to the activity with the necessary frame of mind and information.</p>
<p>Eliciting through research or exploration may be a solo activity for the business analyst and not require preparing other stakeholders.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-59">59</p>
</section></body>
</html>