<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Business Policies</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_051">
<p>3.3.6 Techniques</p>
<h3 id="business-policies">• Business Policies</h3>
<p>may be described by regulations, contracts, agreements, warranties, certifications or other legal obligations.</p>
<h3 id="current-state-description">• Current State Description</h3>
<p>to be completed. This information can help drive how to make better decisions.</p>
<h3 id="legalregulatory-information">• Legal/Regulatory Information</h3>
<p>must be followed, and can be used to help develop a framework that ensures sound business decision making.</p>
<p><strong>3.3.6</strong></p>
<h3 id="brainstorming">• Brainstorming</h3>
<p>who may need approval roles in the defined governance process.</p>
<h3 id="document-analysis">• Document Analysis</h3>
<p>templates.</p>
<h3 id="interviews">• Interviews</h3>
<p>approval, or prioritization approaches and participants with an individual or small group.</p>
<h3 id="item-tracking">• Item Tracking</h3>
<p>approach.</p>
<h3 id="lessons-learned">• Lessons Learned</h3>
<p>experiences with governance that can be leveraged on current or future initiatives.</p>
<h3 id="organizational-modelling">• Organizational Modelling</h3>
<p>the organization in an effort to define a governance approach that involves the right stakeholders.</p>
<h3 id="process-modelling">• Process Modelling</h3>
<p>business analysis.</p>
<h2 id="reviews">• Reviews</h2>
<h3 id="survey-or-questionnaire">• Survey or Questionnaire</h3>
<p>control, approval, or prioritization approaches and participants.</p>
<h3 id="workshops">• Workshops</h3>
<p>approval, or prioritization approaches and participants within a team setting.</p>
<p><strong>3.3.7</strong></p>
<h2 id="stakeholders">Stakeholders</h2>
<h3 id="domain-subject-matter-expert">• Domain Subject Matter Expert</h3>
<p>change or may be identified as needing to be involved in change discussions.</p>
<h3 id="project-manager">• Project Manager</h3>
<p>project governance aligns with the business analysis governance approach.</p>
<h3 id="regulator">• Regulator</h3>
<p>determining the business analysis governance plan. May also be a possible source of a requested change.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-41">41</p>
</section></body>
</html>