<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.3 Data Analysis</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_265">
<p>Data Mining the need to work with samples or to work in-datastore so that the data does not have to be moved around.</p>
<h3 id="3-data-analysis">.3 Data Analysis</h3>
<p>Once the data is available, it is analyzed. A wide variety of statistical measures are typically applied and visualization tools used to see how data values are distributed, what data is missing, and how various calculated characteristics behave. This step is often the longest and most complex in a data mining effort and is increasingly the focus of automation. Much of the power of a data mining effort typically comes from identifying useful characteristics in the data. For instance, a characteristic might be the number of times a customer has visited a store in the last 80 days. Determining that the count over the last 80 days is more useful than the count over the last 70 or 90 is key.</p>
<h3 id="4-modelling-techniques">.4 Modelling Techniques</h3>
<p>There are a wide variety of data mining techniques.</p>
<p>Some examples of data mining techniques are: • classification and regression trees (CART), C5 and other decision tree analysis techniques, • linear and logistic regression, • neural networks, • support sector machines, and • predictive (additive) scorecards.</p>
<p>The analytical dataset and the calculated characteristics are fed into these algorithms which are either unsupervised (the user does not know what they are looking for) or supervised (the user is trying to find or predict something specific).</p>
<p>Multiple techniques are often used to see which is most effective. Some data is held out from the modelling and used to confirm that the result can be replicated with data that was not used in the initial creation.</p>
<h3 id="5-deployment">.5 Deployment</h3>
<p>Once a model has been built, it must be deployed to be useful. Data mining models can be deployed in a variety of ways, either to support a human decision maker or to support automated decision-making systems. For human users, data mining results may be presented using visual metaphors or as simple data fields.</p>
<p>Many data mining techniques identify potential business rules that can be deployed using a business rules management system. Such executable business rules can be fitted into a decision model along with expert rules as necessary.</p>
<p>Some data mining techniques—especially those described as predictive analytic techniques—result in mathematical formulas. These can also be deployed as executable business rules but can also be used to generate SQL or code for deployment. An increasingly wide range of in-database deployment options allow such models to be integrated into an organization's data infrastructure.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-255">255</p>
</section></body>
</html>