<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>During Requirements Life Cycle</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_087">
<p><strong>Table 5.0.1: The Core Concept Model in Requirements Life Cycle Management</strong></p>
<p><strong>Core Concept</strong></p>
<h3 id="during-requirements-life-cycle">During Requirements Life Cycle</h3>
<p><strong>Management, business analysts...</strong></p>
<h3 id="change">Change</h3>
<p>in response to a need. manage how proposed changes to requirements and designs are evaluated during an initiative.</p>
<p><strong>Need</strong> be addressed. trace, prioritize and maintain requirements to ensure that the need is met.</p>
<h3 id="solution">Solution</h3>
<p>satisfying one or more needs in a context. trace requirements and designs to solution components to ensure that the solution satisfies the need.</p>
<h3 id="stakeholder">Stakeholder</h3>
<p>individual with a relationship to the change, the need, or the solution. work closely with key stakeholders to maintain understanding, agreement, and approval of requirements and designs.</p>
<h3 id="value">Value</h3>
<p>usefulness of something to a stakeholder within a context. maintain requirements for reuse to extend value beyond the current initiative.</p>
<h3 id="context">Context</h3>
<p>influence, are influenced by, and provide understanding of the change. analyze the context to support tracing and prioritization activities.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-77">77</p>
</section></body>
</html>