<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Change Scope</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_379">
<p>11.1.1 Change Scope <strong>11.1.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="change-scope">Change Scope</h3>
<p>Business analysts working on agile initiatives engage with the business sponsor on a strategic level and assist with defining how the proposed product or feature aligns with the organization's objectives. They collaborate with various stakeholders and the change team to break the product vision down into a prioritized list of desired work items to be completed. The prioritized items (or prioritized backlog list) usually focus on the capabilities needed in the resultant product, with emphasis on the highest value items first.</p>
<p>Business analysts may act as a stakeholder proxy, or work directly with the sponsor or product owner.</p>
<p>In agile environments, change and rapid response to change is expected. Agile teams deliver small, incremental changes and commit to prioritized work items for only one iteration at a time. This allows the agile team to handle emerging changes for the upcoming iteration with minimal impact. An iteration is an agreed period of work time.</p>
<p>Requirements are developed through continual exploration and analysis of the business needs. It is important to note that though most agile approaches are iterative, not all iterative approaches are agile. There are also several agile approaches that are not iterative, such as the kanban method.</p>
<p>During agile initiatives, scope is constantly evolving. This is managed by the backlog list which is continually reviewed and re-prioritized. This process contributes to the refinement and redefinition of scope in order to meet the evolving and emerging business need.</p>
<p>If a major change emerges that significantly impacts the overall value and goals for the project, the project can be adjourned and reassessed.</p>
<h3 id="1-breadth-of-change">.1 Breadth of Change</h3>
<p>Agile approaches are used to address a variety of needs in an enterprise. The most common use of agile practices is in software development projects. However, many organizations have started to apply agile principles to non-software related change such as process engineering and business improvement. Initiatives using agile approaches can be undertaken within a single department or can span across multiple teams, departments, and divisions of an organization.</p>
<p>For organizations new to the agile mindset and practices, a focus on continuous improvement, ongoing changing behaviour, and making progress enables the organization to move towards culturally adopting the agile mindset. Adopting the agile mindset refers to the cultural adoption of agile principles as opposed to the organization considering agile as a methodology or practice to be implemented.</p>
<h3 id="2-depth-of-change">.2 Depth of Change</h3>
<p>Initiatives using an agile approach are frequently part of a larger program of work, which can include organizational transformation and change, business process re-engineering, or business process change. The agile work stream is frequently, but not always, centered on software development. The other</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-369">369</p>
</section></body>
</html>