<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.3 Effectiveness Measures</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_221">
<p>9.6 Tools and Technology understood by stakeholders. Business analysts lead stakeholders to discover clarity in ambiguity by helping them learn about the contexts and value of the needs being investigated. This requires teaching skills in selecting the most appropriate visual, verbal, written, and kinesthetic teaching approaches according to the information or techniques being taught. The intent is to draw out stakeholder engagement and collaborative learning to gain clarity. Business analysts frequently elicit and learn new information, and then teach this information to stakeholders in a meaningful way.</p>
<h3 id="3-effectiveness-measures">.3 Effectiveness Measures</h3>
<p>Measures of effective teaching include: • utilizing different methods to communicate information to be learned by stakeholders, • discovering new information through high levels of stakeholder engagement, • validating that audiences have a clear understanding of the key messages that are intended to be learned, and • verifying that the stakeholders can demonstrate the new knowledge, facts, concepts, and ideas.</p>
<p><strong>9.6</strong> Business analysts use a variety of software applications to support communication and collaboration, create and maintain requirements artifacts, model concepts, track issues, and increase overall productivity.</p>
<p>Requirements documentation is often developed using word processing tools, while the process of developing business requirements may require the use of prototyping and simulation tools, as well as specialized tools for modelling and diagramming.</p>
<p>Requirements management technologies support requirements workflow, approvals, baselining, and change control. These technologies can also support the traceability between requirements and assist in determining the impact of changes to requirements.</p>
<p>Interacting with the stakeholders and team members may require the use of communication and collaboration tools, as well as presentation software in order to showcase ideas and generate discussion among stakeholders and team members.</p>
<h3 id="business-analysis-tools-and-technology-core-competencies-include">Business Analysis Tools and Technology core competencies include:</h3>
<h2 id="office-productivity-tools-and-technology-p-212">• Office Productivity Tools and Technology (p. 212),</h2>
<h3 id="business-analysis-tools-and-technology-p-213-and">• Business Analysis Tools and Technology (p. 213), and</h3>
<p>• Communication Tools and Technology (p. 215).</p>
</section></body>
</html>