<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Usage Considerations</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_263">
<p>10.13.4 Usage Considerations</p>
<p>Data Mining <strong>10.13.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• May be used as a discovery technique for processes and data or as a Technique for the verification of functional decompositions or data models.</p>
<p>• Are excellent ways to define the scope of a system and all of the systems, interfaces, and user interfaces that attach to it. Allows for estimation of the effort needed to study the work.</p>
<p>• Most users find these data flow diagrams relatively easy to understand.</p>
<p>• Helps to identify duplicated data elements or misapplied data elements.</p>
<p>• Illustrates connections to other systems.</p>
<p>• Helps define the boundaries of a system.</p>
<p>• Can be used as part of system documentation.</p>
<p>• Helps to explain the logic behind the data flow within a system.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• Using data flow diagrams for large-scale systems can become complex and difficult for stakeholders to understand.</p>
<p>• Different methods of notation with different symbols could create challenges pertaining to documentation.</p>
<p>• Does not illustrate a sequence of activities.</p>
<p>• Data transformations (processes) say little about the process or stakeholder.</p>
<p><strong>10.14</strong></p>
<h3 id="data-mining">Data Mining</h3>
<p><strong>10.14.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>Data mining is used to improve decision making by finding useful patterns and insights from data.</p>
<p><strong>10.14.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Data mining is an analytic process that examines large amounts of data from different perspectives and summarizes the data in such a way that useful patterns and relationships are discovered.</p>
<p>The results of data mining techniques are generally mathematical models or equations that describe underlying patterns and relationships. These models can be deployed for human decision making through visual dashboards and reports, or for automated decision-making systems through business rule management systems or in-database deployments.</p>
</section></body>
</html>