<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Risk</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_026">
<p>2.3 Requirements Classification Schema</p>
<p>Requirements Classification Schema</p>
<h3 id="risk">Risk</h3>
<p>Risk is the effect of uncertainty on the value of a change, a solution, or the enterprise. Business analysts collaborate with other stakeholders to identify, assess, and prioritize risks, and to deal with those risks by altering the likelihood of the conditions or events that lead to the uncertainty: mitigating the consequences, removing the source of the risk, avoiding the risk altogether by deciding not to start or continue with an activity that leads to the risk, sharing the risk with other parties, or accepting or even increasing the risk to deal with an opportunity.</p>
<p><strong>2.3</strong></p>
<h3 id="requirements-classification-schema">Requirements Classification Schema</h3>
<p>For the purposes of the describes requirements: that describe why a change has been initiated. They can apply to the whole of an enterprise, a business area, or a specific initiative. be met in order to achieve the business requirements. They may serve as a bridge between business and solution requirements. solution that meets the stakeholder requirements. They provide the appropriate level of detail to allow for the development and implementation of the solution. Solution requirements can be divided into two sub-categories: must have in terms of the behaviour and information that the solution will manage, and do not relate directly to the behaviour of functionality of the solution, but rather describe conditions under which a solution must remain effective or qualities that a solution must have. have and the conditions the solution must meet to facilitate transition from the current state to the future state, but which are not needed once the change is complete. They are differentiated from other requirements types because they are of a temporary nature. Transition requirements address topics such as data conversion, training, and business continuity.</p>
<p><strong>2.4</strong></p>
<h3 id="stakeholders">Stakeholders</h3>
<p>Each task includes a list of stakeholders who are likely to participate in the execution of that task or who will be affected by it. A stakeholder is an individual or group that a business analyst is likely to interact with directly or indirectly. The</p>
</section></body>
</html>