<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>DSDM: See</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_455">
<p>definitional business rule: A rule that indicates something is necessarily true (or untrue); a rule that is intended as a definitional criterion for concepts, knowledge, or information. Also known as a structural rule. deliverable: Any unique and verifiable work product or service that a party has agreed to deliver. design: A usable representation of a solution. For more information see Key Terms (p. 14) and Requirements and Designs (p. 19). document analysis (business analysis): An examination of the documentation of an existing system in order to elicit requirements. domain: The sphere of knowledge that defines a set of common requirements, terminology, and functionality for any program or initiative solving a problem. domain subject matter expert: A stakeholder with in-depth knowledge of a topic relevant to the business need or solution scope.</p>
<h3 id="dsdm-see">DSDM: See</h3>
<p>dynamic systems development method (DSDM): A project delivery framework which focuses on fixing cost, quality, and time at the beginning while contingency is managed by varying the features to be delivered. <strong>e</strong> elicitation: Iterative derivation and extraction of information from stakeholders or other sources. end user: A stakeholder who directly interacts with the solution. enterprise: A system of one or more organizations and the solutions they use to pursue a shared set of common goals. enterprise architecture: A description of the business processes, information technology, people, operations, information, and projects of an enterprise and the relationships between them. enterprise readiness assessment: An assessment that describes the enterprise is prepared to accept the change associated with a solution and is able to use it effectively. entity-relationship diagram: A graphical representation of the entities relevant to a chosen problem domain and the relationships between them. estimate: A quantitative assessment of a planned outcome, resource requirements, and schedule where uncertainties and unknowns are systematically factored into the assessment. evaluation: The systematic and objective assessment of a solution to determine its status and efficacy in meeting objectives over time, and to identify ways to improve the solution to better meet objectives. See also <em>monitoring</em></p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-445">445</p>
</section></body>
</html>