<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 Accuracy of the Estimate</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_282">
<p>Estimation examine the work in detail and estimate the individual cost or effort, and then summing across all elements to provide an overall estimate. element attributes being estimated. It is important that the organization uses its own history to calibrate any parametric model, since the attribute values reflect the skills and abilities of both its staff and the processes used to do work. based on limited information, which may have a very wide confidence interval. providing detailed estimates for near-term activities (such as an iteration of the work) extrapolated for the remainder of the initiative or project. several variations on this process, but they all include individual estimates, sharing the estimates with experts, and having several rounds of estimation until consensus is reached. An average of the three estimates is used. value, representing the best-case scenario, (2) Pessimistic value, representing the worst-case scenario, (3) Most Likely value. Then a PERT value for each estimated component is computed as a weighted average: (Optimistic + Pessimistic + (4 times Most Likely))/6.</p>
<h3 id="2-accuracy-of-the-estimate">.2 Accuracy of the Estimate</h3>
<p>The accuracy of an estimate is a measure of uncertainty that evaluates how close an estimate is to the actual value measured later. It can be calculated as a ratio of the width of the confidence interval to its mean value and then expressed as a percentage. When there is little information, such as early in the development of a solution approach, a Rough Order of Magnitude (ROM) estimate is delivered, which is expected to have a wide range of possible values and a high level of uncertainty.</p>
<p>ROM estimates are often no more than +50% to -50% accurate. A definitive estimate, which is much more accurate, can be made as long as more real-world data is collected. Definitive estimates that are used for predicting timelines, final budgets, and resource needs should ideally be accurate within 10% or less.</p>
<p>Teams can combine the use of ROM estimates and definitive estimates throughout a project or initiative using rolling wave estimates. A team creates a definitive estimate for the next iteration or phase (for which they have adequate information), while the remainder of the work is given a ROM estimate. As the end of the iteration or phase approaches, a definitive estimate is made for the work of the next iteration or phase and the ROM estimate for remaining activities is refined.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-272">272</p>
</section></body>
</html>