<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Usage Considerations</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_266">
<p>10.14.4 Usage Considerations <strong>10.14.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• Reveal hidden patterns and create useful insight during analysis—helping determine what data might be useful to capture or how many people might be impacted by specific suggestions.</p>
<p>• Can be integrated into a system design to increase the accuracy of the data.</p>
<p>• Can be used to eliminate or reduce human bias by using the data to determine the facts.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• Applying some techniques without an understanding of how they work can result in erroneous correlations and misapplied insight.</p>
<p>• Access to big data and to sophisticated data mining tool sets and software may lead to accidental misuse.</p>
<p>• Many techniques and tools require specialist knowledge to work with.</p>
<p>• Some techniques use advanced math in the background and some stakeholders may not have direct insights into the results. A perceived lack of transparency can cause resistance from some stakeholders.</p>
<p>• Data mining results may be hard to deploy if the decision making they are intended to influence is poorly understood.</p>
<p><strong>10.15</strong> <strong>10.15.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>A data model describes the entities, classes or data objects relevant to a domain, the attributes that are used to describe them, and the relationships among them to provide a common set of semantics for analysis and implementation.</p>
<p><strong>10.15.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>A data model usually takes the form of a diagram that is supported by textual descriptions. It visually represents the elements that are important to the business (for example, people, places, things, and business transactions), the attributes associated with those elements, and the significant relationships among them.</p>
<p>Data models are frequently used in elicitation and requirements analysis and design, as well as to support implementation and continuous improvement.</p>
<p>There are several variations of data models: and can be used to represent how the business perceives its information. It can be used to help establish a consistent vocabulary describing business</p>
</section></body>
</html>