<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Personal Accountability</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_205">
<p>9.2.2 Personal Accountability • decisions made with consideration of the interests of all stakeholders, • reasoning for decisions that is clearly articulated and understood, • full and prompt disclosure of potential conflicts of interest, and • honesty regarding one's abilities, the performance of one's work, and accepting responsibility for failures or errors.</p>
<p><strong>9.2.2</strong></p>
<h2 id="personal-accountability">Personal Accountability</h2>
<h3 id="1-purpose">.1 Purpose</h3>
<p>Personal accountability is important for a business analyst because it ensures business analysis tasks are completed on time and to the expectations of colleagues and stakeholders. It enables the business analyst to establish credibility by ensuring that business analysis efforts meet the needs of the business.</p>
<h3 id="2-description">.2 Description</h3>
<p>Personal accountability includes effectively planning business analysis work to achieve targets and goals, and ensuring that value delivered is aligned with business needs. It involves chasing down all leads and loose ends to fully satisfy the stakeholder’s needs. Following through on and fully completing business analysis tasks produces complete, accurate, and relevant solutions traceable to a need. Business analysts take responsibility for identifying and escalating risks and issues. They also ensure that decision makers have the appropriate information in order to assess impact.</p>
<h3 id="3-effectiveness-measures">.3 Effectiveness Measures</h3>
<p>Measures of effective personal accountability include: • work effort is planned and easily articulated to others, • work is completed as planned or re-planned with sufficient reasoning and lead time, • status of both planned and unplanned work is known, • stakeholders feel that work is organized, • risks and issues are identified and appropriately acted on, • completely traceable requirements are delivered on time, and stakeholder needs are met.</p>
<p><strong>9.2.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="trustworthiness">Trustworthiness</h2>
<h3 id="1-purpose">.1 Purpose</h3>
<p>Earning the trust of stakeholders helps business analysts elicit business analysis information around sensitive issues and enables them to help stakeholders have confidence that their recommendations will be evaluated properly and fairly.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-195">195</p>
</section></body>
</html>