<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Purpose</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_034">
<p>3.1 Plan Business Analysis Approach <strong>3.1</strong> <strong>3.1.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>The purpose of Plan Business Analysis Approach is to define an appropriate method to conduct business analysis activities.</p>
<p><strong>3.1.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Business analysis approaches describe the overall method that will be followed when performing business analysis work on a given initiative, how and when tasks will be performed, and the deliverables that will be produced.</p>
<p>The business analyst may also identify an initial set of techniques to use. This list may change as the initiative proceeds and the business analyst gains a deeper understanding of the change and its stakeholders.</p>
<p>The business analysis approach may be defined by a methodology or by organizational standards. In some organizations, elements of the business analysis approach may be standardized and formalized into a repeatable business analysis process which can be leveraged for each effort. Even where a standard approach exists, it may be tailored to the needs of a specific initiative. Tailoring may be governed by standards that define which approaches are permitted, which elements of those processes may be tailored, and general guidelines for selecting a process.</p>
<p>If organizational standards do not exist, the business analyst works with the appropriate stakeholders to determine how the work will be completed. For example, if the change is delivered via a project, the standards and approach may be developed during the project planning phase.</p>
<p>The business analysis approach should: • align to the overall goals of the change, • coordinate the business analysis tasks with the activities and deliverables of the overall change, • include tasks to manage any risks that could reduce the quality of business analysis deliverables or impede task efficiency, and • leverage approaches and select techniques and tools that have historically worked well.</p>
<p><strong>3.1.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="inputs">Inputs</h2>
<h3 id="needs">• Needs</h3>
<p>faced by the organization. It is necessary to consider what is known about the need at the time of planning, while acknowledging that understanding evolves throughout business analysis activities.</p>
</section></body>
</html>