<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>&amp; Design Definition</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_144">
<p><strong>Figure 7.0.1: Business Analysis Value Spectrum</strong></p>
<p><strong>Requirements Analysis</strong></p>
<h2 id="design-definition">&amp; Design Definition</h2>
<h2 id="potential">Potential</h2>
<h3 id="actual">Actual</h3>
<p>Need</p>
<h2 id="solution">Solution</h2>
<h2 id="scope">Scope</h2>
<h2 id="requirements">Requirements</h2>
<h2 id="design">Design</h2>
<h2 id="proof-of-concept">Proof of Concept/</h2>
<h2 id="prototype">Prototype</h2>
<h2 id="pilotbeta">Pilot/Beta</h2>
<h3 id="operating">Operating</h3>
<h3 id="the-requirements-analysis-and-design-definition-knowledge-area-includes-the">The Requirements Analysis and Design Definition knowledge area includes the</h3>
<p>following tasks: designs in detail using analytical techniques. been developed in enough detail to be usable by a particular stakeholder, is internally consistent, and is of high quality. delivers business value and supports the organization's goals and objectives. designs so that they support the overall business purpose for a change and that they work effectively as a cohesive whole. possible ways of meeting the need. business value associated with a potential solution and compares different options, including trade-offs, to identify and recommend the solution option that delivers the greatest overall value.</p>
<h3 id="the-core-concept-model-in-requirements-analysis">The Core Concept Model in Requirements Analysis</h3>
<p><strong>and Design Definition</strong></p>
<h3 id="the">The</h3>
<p>relationships among the six core concepts. The following table describes the usage and application of each of the core concepts within the context of Requirements Analysis and Design Definition.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-134">134</p>
</section></body>
</html>