<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Supply and Demand Driven</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_397">
<p>used to determine the best solution or outcome among various choices. For situations of interest to stakeholders, full specification of the associated decisions and potential actions are required. The business analysis focus is on the business objectives, constraints criteria, and the business rules that underpin the decision-making process.</p>
<h3 id="supply-and-demand-driven">Supply and Demand Driven</h3>
<p>The objectives and priorities of a business intelligence initiative can be based on the technical goals of improving existing information delivery systems (supply-driven) or on the business goals of providing the appropriate information to improve decision-making processes (demand-driven): deliver?". This approach maps existing systems data to define what data is available. A common implementation strategy would be to: 1. phase the inclusion of existing databases into the business intelligence solution architecture, 2. progressively replace or repair existing outputs, and 3. explore new insights that might be gained from the consolidated data. incur?". This approach starts with identifying the information output needed to support business decisions, and then tracing that information back to the underlying data sources to determine feasibility and cost. It provides for incremental implementation strategies that are not determined by existing database structures, and allows for early exploratory usage of business intelligence beyond existing reporting requirements.</p>
<h3 id="structured-and-unstructured-data">Structured and Unstructured Data</h3>
<p>There are two types of data that business intelligence approaches consider: consolidating the structured data (numerical and categorical) recorded in operational systems where business information sets are identified by predefined structures (referred to as 'schema on write') and where a rules-driven template ensures data integrity. The business analysis focus is on data models, data dictionaries, and business rules to define information requirements and capabilities. structured or unstructured data which includes text, images, audio, and video. This data frequently comes from external sources. For this type of data, the structure and relationships are not predefined and no specific organization rules have been applied to ensure data integrity. Information sets are derived from the raw data (referred to as 'schema on read'). The business analysis focus is on metadata definitions and data matching algorithms to define information requirements and capabilities.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-387">387</p>
</section></body>
</html>