<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Roles</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_043">
<p>solution. If stakeholders are not identified, the business analyst may miss uncovering critical needs. Stakeholder needs uncovered late will often require a revision to business analysis tasks that are either in progress or are completed.</p>
<p>This can result in increased costs and decreased stakeholder satisfaction.</p>
<p>How business analysts perform stakeholder analysis can vary between projects, methodologies, and organizations. A company’s organizational chart and business processes can serve as an initial source for identifying internal stakeholders. The sponsor may also identify stakeholders. Stakeholders outside the organization may be identified and can be uncovered by understanding any existing contracts that may be in place, anticipated vendors that may have a role based on existing relationships with the organization, as well as regulatory and governing bodies that may influence the work. Shareholders, customers, and suppliers are also considered when searching for external stakeholders.</p>
<h3 id="roles">Roles</h3>
<p>Business analysts identify stakeholder roles in order to understand where and how the stakeholders will contribute to the initiative. It is important that the business analyst is aware of the various roles a stakeholder is responsible for within the organization.</p>
<h3 id="attitudes">Attitudes</h3>
<p>Stakeholder attitudes can positively or negatively impact a change. Business analysts identify stakeholder attitudes in order to fully understand what may impact a stakeholder’s actions and behaviours. Knowing how a stakeholder perceives the initiative allows an opportunity for the business analyst to specifically plan their collaboration and engagement with that stakeholder.</p>
<p>Business analysts analyze stakeholder attitudes about: • business goals, objectives of the initiative, and any proposed solutions, • business analysis in general, • the level of interest in the change, • the sponsor, • team members and other stakeholders, and • collaboration and a team-based approach.</p>
<p>Stakeholders with positive attitudes may be strong champions and great contributors. Other stakeholders may not see value in the work, may misunderstand the value being provided, or may be concerned about the effect the change will have on them. Stakeholders who are expected to serve in key roles and participate heavily in business analysis activities, but who view a change negatively, may require collaboration approaches that increase their cooperation.</p>
<h3 id="decision-making-authority">Decision Making Authority</h3>
<p>Business analysts identify the authority level a stakeholder possesses over business analysis activities, deliverables, and changes to business analysis work.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-33">33</p>
</section></body>
</html>