<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Requirements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_102">
<p>5.4.4 Elements</p>
<h3 id="requirements">• Requirements</h3>
<p>modification.</p>
<h3 id="designs">• Designs</h3>
<p>modification.</p>
<h2 id="figure-541-assess-requirements-changes-inputoutput-diagram">Figure 5.4.1: Assess Requirements Changes Input/Output Diagram</h2>
<h2 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h2>
<h2 id="input">Input</h2>
<h2 id="change-strategy">Change Strategy</h2>
<h2 id="designs">Designs</h2>
<h2 id="requirements">Requirements</h2>
<h2 id="proposed-change">Proposed Change</h2>
<h2 id="domain-knowledge">Domain Knowledge</h2>
<h3 id="governance-approach">Governance Approach</h3>
<p><strong>5.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="legalregulatory">Legal/Regulatory</h2>
<h2 id="information">Information</h2>
<h2 id="output">Output</h2>
<h3 id="requirements-architecture">Requirements Architecture</h3>
<p><strong>5.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="requirements">Requirements</h3>
<p><strong>5.1</strong></p>
<h2 id="designs-change">Designs Change</h2>
<h2 id="solution-scope">Solution Scope</h2>
<h2 id="change">Change</h2>
<h2 id="assessment">Assessment</h2>
<h3 id="assessment">Assessment</h3>
<p><strong>5.4.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-assessment-formality">.1 Assessment Formality</h3>
<p>Business analysts will determine the formality of the assessment process based on the information available, the apparent importance of the change, and the governance process. Many proposed changes may be withdrawn from consideration or declined before any formal approval is required. A predictive approach may indicate a more formal assessment of proposed changes. In predictive approaches, the impact of each change can be disruptive; the change can potentially generate a substantial reworking of tasks and activities completed in previous activities. An adaptive approach may require less formality in the assessment of proposed changes. While there may be reworking needed as a result of each change, adaptive approaches try to minimize the impact of changes by utilizing iterative and incremental implementation techniques. This idea of continuous evolution may reduce the need for formal impact assessment.</p>
<h3 id="2-impact-analysis">.2 Impact Analysis</h3>
<p>Impact analysis is performed to assess or evaluate the effect of a change.</p>
<p>Traceability is a useful tool for performing impact analysis. When a requirement</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-92">92</p>
</section></body>
</html>