<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Description</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_135">
<p>6.4.2 Description <strong>6.4.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Developing a change strategy is simpler when the current state and the future state are already defined because they provide some context for the change.</p>
<p>The change strategy clearly describes the nature of the change in terms of: • context of the change, • identified alternative change strategies, • justification for why a particular change strategy is the best approach, • investment and resources required to work toward the future state, • how the enterprise will realize value after the solution is delivered, • key stakeholders in the change, and • transition states along the way.</p>
<p>The appropriate representation of a change strategy depends on the perspective of the change team and their stakeholders. The change strategy might be presented as part of a business case, Statement of Work (SOW), an enterprise’s strategic plan, or in other formats.</p>
<p>Defining a change strategy usually involves identifying several strategies and ultimately selecting the strategy that is most appropriate for the situation.</p>
<p>Change strategies can entail attaining only parts of a future state initially, and therefore include only some components of a complete solution. For each transition state along the path to reaching the future state, the change strategy should clarify which parts of the solution are completed and which are not, as well as which parts of the value can be realized and which cannot.</p>
<p><strong>6.4.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="inputs">Inputs</h2>
<h3 id="current-state-description">• Current State Description</h3>
<p>includes assessments of internal and external influences to the enterprise under consideration.</p>
<h2 id="future-state-description">• Future State Description</h2>
<h2 id="risk-analysis-results">• Risk Analysis Results</h2>
<h3 id="stakeholder-engagement-approach">• Stakeholder Engagement Approach</h3>
<p>communication and collaboration needs can help identify change-related activities that need to be included as part of the change strategy.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-125">125</p>
</section></body>
</html>