<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Solution Knowledge</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_212">
<p>9.3.4 Solution Knowledge • the ability to identify subject matter experts (SMEs) in the organization, and • the ability to navigate organizational relationships and politics.</p>
<p><strong>9.3.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="solution-knowledge">Solution Knowledge</h2>
<h3 id="1-purpose">.1 Purpose</h3>
<p>Solution knowledge allows business analysts to leverage their understanding of existing departments, environments, or technology to efficiently identify the most effective means of implementing a change.</p>
<h3 id="2-definition">.2 Definition</h3>
<p>When the business analysis effort involves improving an existing solution, business analysts apply knowledge and experience from the previous work on the solution. Familiarity with the range of commercially available solutions or suppliers can assist with the identification of possible alternatives. The business analyst may leverage knowledge gained from prior experiences to expedite the discovery of potential changes through elicitation or in-depth analysis.</p>
<h3 id="3-effectiveness-measures">.3 Effectiveness Measures</h3>
<p>Measures of effective solution knowledge include: • reduced time or cost to implement a required change, • shortened time on requirements analysis and/or solution design, • understanding when a larger change is, or is not, justified based on business benefit, and • understanding how additional capabilities that are present, but not currently used, can be deployed to provide value.</p>
<p><strong>9.3.5</strong></p>
<h2 id="methodology-knowledge">Methodology Knowledge</h2>
<h3 id="1-purpose">.1 Purpose</h3>
<p>Understanding the methodologies used by the organization provides the business analyst with information regarding context, dependencies, opportunities, and constraints used when developing a business analysis approach.</p>
<h3 id="2-description">.2 Description</h3>
<p>Methodologies determine the timing (big steps or small increments), the approach, the role of those involved, the accepted risk level, and other aspects of how a change is approached and managed. Organizations adopt or create their own methodologies to fit varying levels of culture, maturity, adaptability, risk, uncertainty, and governance.</p>
<p>Knowledge regarding a variety of methodologies allows the business analyst to quickly adapt to, and perform in, new environments.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-202">202</p>
</section></body>
</html>