<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Item Tracking (p. 294)</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_401">
<p>that affect the prioritization of individual business needs. It is often possible to achieve efficiencies by implementing related requirements at the same time.</p>
<h2 id="item-tracking-p-294">• Item Tracking (p. 294)</h2>
<h3 id="roles-and-permissions-matrix">• Roles and Permissions Matrix</h3>
<p>(p. 333)</p>
<h2 id="organizational-modelling-p-308">• Organizational Modelling (p. 308)</h2>
<h3 id="stakeholder-list-map-or-personas">• Stakeholder List, Map, or Personas</h3>
<p>• Prioritization (p. 311) (p. 344) • Reviews (p. 326) • Workshops (p. 363)</p>
<h3 id="4-strategy-analysis">.4 Strategy Analysis</h3>
<p>Business analysts can use high-level conceptual data models to map the current state of corporate information, to identify information silos, and to assess their related problems and opportunities. Organization Modelling can be used to evaluate any current data management infrastructure, such as metadata management and data governance.</p>
<p>In defining the future state strategy, business analysts can use high-level models to map the architecture for data storage and for data conveyance and transformation: representing the information portal that connects the sourcing of operational data inputs with the delivery of the business information outputs. the solution (data-in-motion) and to identify other architectural constructs such as latency and accessibility. are made and where and how data analytics can be effectively used to meet these needs. the data warehouse and data marts.</p>
<p>The extensible architecture provided by business intelligence solutions can support incremental implementation across different functional areas of the business. Business analysts can define change strategy options based on business needs and priorities, impact on the business operations, and the usability of existing infrastructure components.</p>
<h2 id="backlog-management-p-220">• Backlog Management (p. 220)</h2>
<h2 id="business-rules-analysis-p-240">• Business Rules Analysis (p. 240)</h2>
<h2 id="benchmarking-and-market-analysis">• Benchmarking and Market Analysis</h2>
<h3 id="data-flow-diagrams-p-250">• Data Flow Diagrams (p. 250)</h3>
<p>(p. 226)</p>
<h3 id="data-modelling-p-256">• Data Modelling (p. 256)</h3>
<p>• Brainstorming (p. 227)</p>
<h3 id="decision-analysis-p-261">• Decision Analysis (p. 261)</h3>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-391">391</p>
</section></body>
</html>