<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.3 Participants</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_338">
<p>10.37.4 Usage Considerations</p>
<p>Reviews review or assistance from a peer.</p>
<h3 id="3-participants">.3 Participants</h3>
<p>Participant roles involved in any particular review depend on the objectives of the review, the selected technique, and any organizational standards that may be in place.</p>
<p>In some situations, a supervisor or manager may be one of the reviewers because of their expertise. In these situations, the moderator is careful to avoid adversely affecting the level of candour of other participants or inappropriately affecting decisions of the team.</p>
<h2 id="table-10371-review-roles">Table 10.37.1: Review Roles</h2>
<h2 id="role">Role</h2>
<h2 id="description">Description</h2>
<h2 id="responsibility">Responsibility</h2>
<h2 id="applicable">Applicable</h2>
<h2 id="author">Author</h2>
<h3 id="author-of-the">Author of the</h3>
<p>work product.</p>
<p>Answers questions about the work product and listens to suggestions and comments.</p>
<p>Incorporates changes into the work product after the review.</p>
<h2 id="all">All</h2>
<h3 id="reviewer">Reviewer</h3>
<p>A peer or stakeholder.</p>
<p>Examines the work product according to the review objectives. For defect detection reviews, the reviewer examines the work product prior to a review session and keeps track of both defects found and suggestions for improvement.</p>
<h2 id="all">All</h2>
<h3 id="facilitator">Facilitator</h3>
<p>A neutral facilitator (should not be the author in order to avoid compromising the review).</p>
<p>Facilitates the review session, keeps participants focused on the objectives of the review and ensures that each relevant section of the work product is covered. Validates that reviewers have examined the work product before the session begins and ensures that all reviewers participate in the review session.</p>
<h2 id="inspection">• Inspection</h2>
<h3 id="formal">• Formal</h3>
<p>walkthrough • May be helpful for single issue review</p>
<h3 id="scribe">Scribe</h3>
<p>A neutral participant with strong communication skills.</p>
<p>Documents all defects, suggestions, comments, issues, concerns, and outstanding questions that are raised during a review session. Familiarity with the subject matter enables the scribe to capture items clearly.</p>
<h2 id="inspection">• Inspection</h2>
<h3 id="formal-and">• Formal and</h3>
<p>informal walkthrough <strong>10.37.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• Can help identify defects early in the work product life cycle, eliminating the need for expensive removal of defects discovered later in the life cycle.</p>
<p>• All parties involved in a review become engaged with the final outcome; they have a vested interest in a quality result.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-328">328</p>
</section></body>
</html>