<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Process Modelling (p. 318)</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_415">
<p>• identifying and defining risks, • identifying and defining potential benefits, • establishing parameters for variance in known processes and operations, and • exploring the unknown.</p>
<p>Business analysts also explore other potential risks including: • vendor risks, such as their business and product stability, • impacts to the system’s technical environment, • scalability of the solution should volumes of transactions or users increase over time, and • additional process or system changes required based on the change initiated.</p>
<h2 id="process-modelling-p-318">• Process Modelling (p. 318)</h2>
<h2 id="business-capability-analysis-p-230">• Business Capability Analysis (p. 230)</h2>
<h2 id="scope-modelling-p-338">• Scope Modelling (p. 338)</h2>
<h2 id="focus-groups-p-279">• Focus Groups (p. 279)</h2>
<h2 id="survey-or-questionnaire-p-350">• Survey or Questionnaire (p. 350)</h2>
<h2 id="functional-decomposition-p-283">• Functional Decomposition (p. 283)</h2>
<h3 id="swot-analysis-p-353">• SWOT Analysis (p. 353)</h3>
<p>• Interviews (p. 290)</p>
<h2 id="vendor-assessment-p-361">• Vendor Assessment (p. 361)</h2>
<h3 id="item-tracking-p-294">• Item Tracking (p. 294)</h3>
<p>• Workshops (p. 363) • Observation (p. 305)</p>
<h3 id="process-analysis-p-314">• Process Analysis (p. 314)</h3>
<h3 id="5-requirements-analysis-and-design-definition">.5 Requirements Analysis and Design Definition</h3>
<p>It is important for business analysts working in IT to understand and clarify the term 'design'. Many IT organizations think of design only as it applies to the design or blueprint of a software or technical change. Within the Requirements Analysis and Design Definition knowledge area, the term design is viewed more broadly and from the business analyst’s point of view. Designs are usable representations that focus on the solution and understanding how value might be realized by a solution if it is built. For example, a model of a potential process improvement (whether it impacts or utilizes an IT system or not), as well as user interface layouts or report definitions, can all be considered designs.</p>
<p>Business analysts elaborate business and technical requirements, break down and define stakeholder needs, and identify the value to be realized by stakeholders once a technical solution or change is implemented. They elicit, define, and analyze business and stakeholder requirements, and also define, analyze, and model solution designs. They define requirements to a level of technical detail that will be used as part of solution design and input into technical designs. This elaboration will include both functional requirements and non-functional</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-405">405</p>
</section></body>
</html>