<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Negotiation and Conflict Resolution</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_220">
<p>9.5.4 Negotiation and Conflict Resolution <strong>9.5.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="negotiation-and-conflict-resolution">Negotiation and Conflict Resolution</h2>
<h3 id="1-purpose">.1 Purpose</h3>
<p>Business analysts occasionally mediate negotiations between stakeholders in order to reach a common understanding or an agreement. During this process, business analysts help resolve conflicts and differences of opinion with the intent of maintaining and strengthening working relationships among stakeholders and team members.</p>
<h3 id="2-definition">.2 Definition</h3>
<p>Negotiation and conflict resolution involves mediating discussions between participants in order to help them recognize that there are differing views on the topic, resolve differences, and reach conclusions that have the agreement of all participants. Successful negotiation and conflict resolution includes identifying the underlying interests of the parties, distinguishing those interests from their stated positions, and helping the parties identify solutions that satisfy those underlying interests. The business analyst accomplishes this while ensuring that the outcome of the resolution aligns with the overall solution and the business needs.</p>
<h3 id="3-effectiveness-measures">.3 Effectiveness Measures</h3>
<p>Measures of effective negotiation and conflict resolution include: • a planned approach to ensure that the negotiation takes into account the tone of voice, the conveyed attitude, the methods used, and the concern for the other side’s feelings and needs, • the ability to recognize that the needs of the parties are not always in opposition and that it is often possible to satisfy both parties without either side losing, • an objective approach to ensure the problem is separated from the person so that the real issues are debated without damaging working relationships, and • the ability to recognize that effective negotiation and conflict resolution are not always achieved in a single autonomous meeting, and that sometimes several meetings are required in order to achieve the stated goals.</p>
<p><strong>9.5.5</strong></p>
<h2 id="teaching">Teaching</h2>
<h3 id="1-purpose">.1 Purpose</h3>
<p>Teaching skills help business analysts effectively communicate business analysis information, concepts, ideas, and issues. They also help ensure that information is understood and retained by stakeholders.</p>
<h3 id="2-definition">.2 Definition</h3>
<p>Teaching is the process of leading others to gain knowledge. Business analysts are responsible for confirming that the information communicated has been</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-210">210</p>
</section></body>
</html>