<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 Constraints, Assumptions, and Dependencies</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_132">
<p>stakeholders assist business analysts in guiding the team in deciding the impact and likelihood of risks for the current change.</p>
<h3 id="2-constraints-assumptions-and-dependencies">.2 Constraints, Assumptions, and Dependencies</h3>
<p>Constraints, assumptions, and dependencies can be analyzed for risks and sometimes should be managed as risks themselves. If the constraint, assumption, or dependency is related to an aspect of a change, it can be restated as a risk by identifying the event or condition and consequences that could occur because of the constraint, assumption, or dependency.</p>
<h3 id="3-negative-impact-to-value">.3 Negative Impact to Value</h3>
<p>Risks are expressed as conditions that increase the likelihood or severity of a negative impact to value. Business analysts clearly identify and express each risk and estimate its likelihood and impact to determine the level of risk. Business analysts estimate a total risk level from the aggregated set of risks, indicating the overall potential impact for the risks being assessed. In some cases overall risk level can be quantified in financial terms, or in an amount of time, effort, or other measures.</p>
<h3 id="4-risk-tolerance">.4 Risk Tolerance</h3>
<p>How much uncertainty a stakeholder or an enterprise is willing to take on in exchange for potential value is referred to as risk tolerance.</p>
<p>In general, there are three broad ways of describing attitude toward risk: a preference to either avoid a course of action which carries too high a level of risk, or to invest more (and therefore accept a lower potential value) to reduce the risks. does not result in a loss even if the risks occur. for a higher potential value.</p>
<p>An individual or organization may exhibit different risk tolerances at different times. If there is low tolerance for risk, there may be more effort on avoidance, transfer or mitigation strategies. If the tolerance for risk is high, more risks are likely to be accepted. Typically, the highest level risks are dealt with no matter what the risk tolerance level.</p>
<h3 id="5-recommendation">.5 Recommendation</h3>
<p>Based on the analysis of risks, business analysts recommend a course of action.</p>
<p>Business analysts work with stakeholders to understand the overall risk level and their tolerance for risk.</p>
<p>The recommendation usually falls into one of the following categories: • pursue the benefits of a change regardless of the risk,</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-122">122</p>
</section></body>
</html>