<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Drum-Buffer-Rope</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_448">
<p><strong>Other Business Analysis Techniques</strong></p>
<h2 id="drum-buffer-rope">• Drum-Buffer-Rope</h2>
<h3 id="inputs-guide-outputs-enablers">• Inputs, Guide, Outputs, Enablers</h3>
<p>(IGOE)</p>
<h2 id="house-of-qualityvoice-of-customer">• House of Quality/Voice of Customer</h2>
<h3 id="toc-thinking-processes">• TOC Thinking Processes</h3>
<h3 id="5-requirements-analysis-and-design-definition">.5 Requirements Analysis and Design Definition</h3>
<p>Requirements analysis and design definition will focus on defining the to-be process model. The requirements architecture is likely to include the process model, associated business rules and decisions, information requirements, and the organizational structure. Solution options typically include changes to IT needed to support the process, outsourcing of aspects of the process, and similar changes.</p>
<h3 id="benchmarking-and-market-analysis">• Benchmarking and Market Analysis</h3>
<p>• Prioritization (p. 311) (p. 226) • Prototyping (p. 323)</p>
<h2 id="business-rules-analysis-p-240">• Business Rules Analysis (p. 240)</h2>
<h2 id="scope-modelling-p-338">• Scope Modelling (p. 338)</h2>
<h2 id="decision-modelling-p-265">• Decision Modelling (p. 265)</h2>
<h3 id="stakeholder-list-map-or-personas">• Stakeholder List, Map, or Personas</h3>
<p>(p. 344) • Estimation (p. 271) • Workshops (p. 363)</p>
<h2 id="functional-decomposition-p-283">• Functional Decomposition (p. 283)</h2>
<h3 id="metrics-and-key-performance">• Metrics and Key Performance</h3>
<p>Indicators (KPIs) (p. 297)</p>
<h2 id="other-business-analysis-techniques">Other Business Analysis Techniques</h2>
<h2 id="kaizen-event">• Kaizen Event</h2>
<h2 id="process-simulation">• Process Simulation</h2>
<h3 id="6-solution-evaluation">.6 Solution Evaluation</h3>
<p>Solution evaluation typically occurs repeatedly during BPM initiatives in order to assess the performance of the business process. As processes are evaluated for different scenarios, they can be refined and the results are monitored. Solution evaluation tasks provide insight into the understanding of the impact of process improvements and the value delivered by business process change. The solution may also involve process mining which uses such techniques as audit trails or transaction logs to obtain process details.</p>
<p>The analyze solution performance task is performed to understand the differences between potential value and actual value. This analysis is performed to discover why there is a variance between potential and actual value, to determine if a solution can perform better or realize more value. The evaluation examines opportunities or constraints of the implemented solution, how it satisfies needs, or how it could be improved. This may trigger further optimization of the process and a repeat of the BPM life cycle.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-438">438</p>
</section></body>
</html>