<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Outputs</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_041">
<p>3.1.8 Outputs <strong>3.1.8</strong></p>
<h2 id="outputs">Outputs</h2>
<h3 id="business-analysis-approach">• Business Analysis Approach</h3>
<p>activities that will be performed across an initiative including who will perform the activities, the timing and sequencing of the work, the deliverables that will be produced and the business analysis techniques that may be utilized. The remaining outputs of the Business Analysis Planning and Monitoring knowledge area may be integrated into an overall approach or be independent based upon methodology, organization, and perspective.</p>
<p><strong>3.2</strong> <strong>3.2.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>The purpose of Plan Stakeholder Engagement is to plan an approach for establishing and maintaining effective working relationships with the stakeholders.</p>
<p><strong>3.2.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Plan Stakeholder Engagement involves conducting a thorough stakeholder analysis to identify all of the involved stakeholders and analyze their characteristics. The results of the analysis are then utilized to define the best collaboration and communication approaches for the initiative and to appropriately plan for stakeholder risks.</p>
<p>When planning for stakeholder engagement, the degree of complexity can increase disproportionately as the number of stakeholders involved in the business analysis activities increases. This is important because new or different techniques for the management of stakeholders may be required when the engagement moves from collaborating with a few stakeholders into dozens, hundreds, or even thousands of people.</p>
<p><strong>3.2.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="inputs">Inputs</h2>
<h3 id="needs">• Needs</h3>
<p>affects helps in the identification of stakeholders. The need may evolve as stakeholder analysis is performed.</p>
<h3 id="business-analysis-approach">• Business Analysis Approach</h3>
<p>approach into the stakeholder analysis, collaboration, and communication approaches is necessary to ensure consistency across the approaches.</p>
</section></body>
</html>