<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Sponsor</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_052">
<p>3.3.8 Outputs</p>
<h3 id="sponsor">• Sponsor</h3>
<p>information should be managed. Participates in change discussions and approves proposed changes.</p>
<p><strong>3.3.8</strong></p>
<h2 id="outputs">Outputs</h2>
<h3 id="governance-approach">• Governance Approach</h3>
<p>responsibility and authority to make decisions about business analysis work including who will be responsible for setting priorities and who will approve changes to business analysis information. It also defines the process that will be utilized to manage requirement and design changes across the initiative.</p>
<p><strong>3.4</strong> <strong>3.4.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<h3 id="the-purpose-of-plan-business-analysis-information-management-is-to-develop-an">The purpose of Plan Business Analysis Information Management is to develop an</h3>
<p>approach for how business analysis information will be stored and accessed.</p>
<p><strong>3.4.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Business analysis information is comprised of all the information business analysts elicit, create, compile, and disseminate in the course of performing business analysis. Models, scope statements, stakeholder concerns, elicitation results, requirements, designs, and solution options are just a few examples. This includes requirements and designs, from lightweight user stories to formal requirement documents to functioning prototypes.</p>
<p>Information management entails identifying: • how information should be organized, • the level of detail at which information should be captured, • any relationships between the information, • how information may be used across multiple initiatives and throughout the enterprise, • how information should be accessed and stored, and • characteristics about the information that must be maintained.</p>
<p>Information management helps ensure that business analysis information is organized in a functional and useful manner, is easily accessible to appropriate personnel, and is stored for the necessary length of time.</p>
<p><strong>3.4.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="inputs">Inputs</h2>
<h3 id="business-analysis-approach">• Business Analysis Approach</h3>
<p>approach into the information management approach is necessary to ensure consistency across the approaches.</p>
</section></body>
</html>