<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Table 11.1.2: Techniques used within Agile Approaches (Continued)</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_386">
<p>11.1.4 Underlying Competencies</p>
<h2 id="table-1112-techniques-used-within-agile-approaches-continued">Table 11.1.2: Techniques used within Agile Approaches (Continued)</h2>
<h2 id="technique">Technique</h2>
<h2 id="brief-description">Brief Description</h2>
<h2 id="story">Story</h2>
<h3 id="decomposition">Decomposition</h3>
<p>Ensures that the requirements for a product are represented at the appropriate level of detail and are derived from a valuable business objective.</p>
<h3 id="story-mapping">Story Mapping</h3>
<p>Provides a visual and physical view of the sequence of activities to be supported by a solution.</p>
<h3 id="storyboarding">Storyboarding</h3>
<p>Detail visually and textually the sequence of activities that represent user interactions with a system or business.</p>
<h2 id="value-stream">Value Stream</h2>
<h3 id="mapping">Mapping</h3>
<p>Provides a complete, fact-based, time-series representation of the stream of activities required to deliver a product or service to the customer.</p>
<p><strong>11.1.4</strong> Agile is a mindset. Agile business analysts embody the values and principles of the Agile Manifesto which are based on a humanistic view of product development as a process founded in communication and collaboration. Refer to the</p>
<h3 id="extension-to-the-babok">Extension to the BABOK</h3>
<p>analysts. In adopting the agile mindset and philosophy, the business analyst develops competencies in: sponsor’s vision and needs; assist in influencing others to support the vision; participate and possibly facilitate negotiation of priorities; and facilitate collaborative agreement on solution outcomes. and keep an open mind when interacting with others. business analyst to step outside their specialization in order to support other team members. change and determine what provides business value amongst frequently changing requirements, and assisting with, or maintaining, the re-prioritization of the to-do work list. changes and new features can achieve business value and support the vision. become more effective.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-376">376</p>
</section></body>
</html>