<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>International Institute of Business Analysis. CBAP</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_004">
<p>International Institute of Business Analysis, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.</p>
<p>©2005, 2006, 2008, 2009, 2015 International Institute of Business Analysis. All rights reserved.</p>
<p>Version 1.0 and 1.4 published 2005. Version 1.6 Draft published 2006. Version 1.6 Final published 2008. Version 2.0 published 2009. Version 3.0 published 2015.</p>
<p>ISBN-13: 978-1-927584-03-3 Permission is granted to reproduce this document for your own personal, professional, or educational use. If you have purchased a license to use this document from IIBA transfer ownership of their complimentary copy.</p>
<p>This document is provided to the business analysis community for educational purposes. IIBA® does not warrant that it is suitable for any other purpose and makes no expressed or implied warranty of any kind and assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions. No liability is assumed for incidental or consequential damages in connection with or arising out of the use of the information contained herein.</p>
<h3 id="international-institute-of-business-analysis-cbap">International Institute of Business Analysis. CBAP</h3>
<p>Business Analysis. Certified Business Analysis Professional, EEP and the EEP logo are trademarks owned by International</p>
<h2 id="institute-of-business-analysis">Institute of Business Analysis.</h2>
<h3 id="archimate">Archimate</h3>
<p>Business Model Canvas is copyrighted by BusinessModelGeneration.com and released under Creative Commons license.</p>
<h2 id="cmmi">CMMI</h2>
<h2 id="cobit">COBIT</h2>
<h2 id="mind-map">Mind Map</h2>
<h2 id="scaled-agile-framework">Scaled Agile Framework</h2>
<h2 id="togaf">TOGAF</h2>
<h3 id="unified-modelling-language-and-uml">Unified Modelling Language™ and UML</h3>
<p>Zachman Framework for Enterprise Architecture is a trademark of the Zachman Institute for Framework Advancement.</p>
<p>No challenge to the status or ownership of these or any other trademarked terms contained herein is intended by the International Institute of Business Analysis.</p>
<p>Any inquiries regarding this publication, requests for usage rights for the material included herein, or corrections should be sent by email to.</p>
</section></body>
</html>