<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 The Five Whys</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_347">
<p>10.40.4 Usage Considerations</p>
<p>Root Cause Analysis</p>
<h3 id="2-the-five-whys">.2 The Five Whys</h3>
<p>The five whys is a question asking process to explore the nature and cause of a problem. The five whys approach repeatedly asks questions in an attempt to get to the root cause of the problem. This is one of the simplest facilitation tools to use when problems have a human interaction component.</p>
<p>To use this technique:</p>
<h3 id="step-1">Step 1.</h3>
<p>Write the problem on a flip chart or whiteboard.</p>
<h3 id="step-2">Step 2.</h3>
<p>Ask "Why do you think this problem occurs?" and capture the idea below the problem.</p>
<h3 id="step-3">Step 3.</h3>
<p>Ask "Why?" again and capture that idea below the first idea.</p>
<p>Continue with step 3 until you are convinced the actual root cause has been identified. This may take more or less than five questions—the technique is called the five whys because it often takes that many to reach the root cause, not because the question must be asked five times.</p>
<p>The five whys can be used alone or as part of the fishbone diagram technique.</p>
<p>Once all ideas are captured in the diagram, use the five whys approach to drill down to the root causes.</p>
<p><strong>10.40.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• Helps to maintain an objective perspective when performing cause-and-effect analysis.</p>
<p>• Enables stakeholders to specify an effective solution at the appropriate points for corrective action.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• Works best when the business analyst has formal training to ensure the root causes, not just symptoms of the problem, are identified.</p>
<p>• May be difficult with complex problems; the potential exists to lead to a false trail and/or dead–end conclusion.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-337">337</p>
</section></body>
</html>