<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 Analyze Requirements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_149">
<p>Business analysts should use any combination of models best suited to meet stakeholder needs in a given context. Each modelling technique has strengths and weaknesses and provides unique insights into the business domain.</p>
<h3 id="2-analyze-requirements">.2 Analyze Requirements</h3>
<p>Business analysis information is decomposed into components to further examine for: • anything that must change to meet the business need, • anything that should stay the same to meet the business need, • missing components, • unnecessary components, and • any constraints or assumptions that impact the components.</p>
<p>The level of decomposition required, and the level of detail to be specified, varies depending on the knowledge and understanding of the stakeholders, the potential for misunderstanding or miscommunication, organizational standards, and contractual or regulatory obligations, among other factors.</p>
<p>Analysis provides a basis for discussion to reach a conclusion about solution options.</p>
<h3 id="3-represent-requirements-and-attributes">.3 Represent Requirements and Attributes</h3>
<p>Business analysts identify information for requirements and their attributes as part of the elicitation results. Requirements should be explicitly represented and should include enough detail such that they exhibit the characteristics of requirements and designs quality (see Verify Requirements (p. 141)). Various attributes can be specified for each requirement or set of requirements. These attributes are selected when planning for information management (see Plan Business Analysis Information Management (p. 42)).</p>
<p>As part of specifying requirements, they can also be categorized according to the schema described in task Requirements Classification Schema (p. 16). Typically elicitation results contain information of different types, so it is natural to expect that different types of requirements might be specified at the same time.</p>
<p>Categorizing requirements can help ensure the requirements are fully understood, a set of any type is complete, and that there is appropriate traceability between the types.</p>
<h3 id="4-implement-the-appropriate-levels-of-abstraction">.4 Implement the Appropriate Levels of Abstraction</h3>
<p>The level of abstraction of a requirement varies based on the type of requirement and audience for the requirement. Not all stakeholders require or find value in the complete set of requirements and models. It may be appropriate to produce different viewpoints of requirements to represent the same need for different stakeholders. Business analysts take special care to maintain the meaning and intent of the requirements over all representations.</p>
<p>The business analysis approach may also influence the level of abstraction and choice of models used when defining requirements.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-139">139</p>
</section></body>
</html>