<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_285">
<p>10.20.3 Elements • risks associated with the change initiative, and • ongoing risks to business value of using that solution.</p>
<p>A combination of analysis techniques are typically used because each provides a different perspective. Executives compare the financial analysis results of one investment option with that of other possible investments to make decisions about which change initiatives to support.</p>
<p>Financial analysis deals with uncertainty, and as a change initiative progresses through its life cycle, the effects of that uncertainty become better understood.</p>
<p>Financial analysis is continuously applied during the initiative to determine if the change is likely to deliver enough business value such that it should continue. A business analyst may recommend that a change initiative be adjusted or stopped if new information causes the financial analysis results to no longer support the initial solution recommendation.</p>
<p><strong>10.20.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-cost-of-the-change">.1 Cost of the Change</h3>
<p>The cost of a change includes the expected cost of building or acquiring the solution components and the expected costs of transitioning the enterprise from the current state to the future state. This could include the costs associated with changing equipment and software, facilities, staff and other resources, buying out existing contracts, subsidies, penalties, converting data, training, communicating the change, and managing the roll out. These costs may be shared between organizations within the enterprise.</p>
<h3 id="2-total-cost-of-ownership-tco">.2 Total Cost of Ownership (TCO)</h3>
<p>The total cost of ownership (TCO) is the cost to acquire a solution, the cost of using the solution, and the cost of supporting the solution for the foreseeable future, combined to help understand the potential value of a solution. In the case of equipment and facilities, there is often a generally agreed to life expectancy.</p>
<p>However, in the case of processes and software, the life expectancy is often unknown. Some organizations assume a standard time period (for example, three to five years) to understand the costs of ownership of intangibles like processes and software.</p>
<h3 id="3-value-realization">.3 Value Realization</h3>
<p>Value is typically realized over time. The planned value could be expressed on an annual basis, or could be expressed as a cumulative value over a specific time period.</p>
<h3 id="4-cost-benefit-analysis">.4 Cost-Benefit Analysis</h3>
<p>Cost-benefit analysis (sometimes called benefit-cost analysis) is a prediction of the expected total benefits minus the expected total costs, resulting in an expected net benefit (the planned business value).</p>
<p>Assumptions about the factors that make up the costs and benefits should be clearly stated in the calculations so they can be reviewed, challenged and</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-275">275</p>
</section></body>
</html>