<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.1 Breadth of Change</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_435">
<p>and more value is added. Optimization may be a source of requirements and solution design definitions that comes directly from stakeholders and the user community. Optimization of processes is also a good way to demonstrate the value of a suggested solution modification, and justify process and product improvement initiatives.</p>
<h3 id="1-breadth-of-change">.1 Breadth of Change</h3>
<p>The goal of BPM is to ensure that value delivery is optimized across end-to-end processes. A comprehensive BPM initiative can span the entire enterprise. A single BPM initiative can make an organization become more process-centric by providing insights into its processes. An organization's processes define what the organization does and how it does it. Possessing a thorough understanding of its processes allows stakeholders to adjust these processes to meet the evolving needs of both the organization and its customers.</p>
<p>Individual initiatives may improve specific processes and sub-processes. Breaking down larger, more complex processes into smaller chunks (sub-processes) allows business analysts to better understand what each process is doing and how to optimize them.</p>
<h3 id="2-depth-of-change">.2 Depth of Change</h3>
<p>Business analysts use BPM frameworks to facilitate the analysis and deep understanding of the organization's processes. BPM frameworks are sets or descriptions of processes for a generic organization, specific industry, professional area, or type of value stream. BPM frameworks define particular levels of processes throughout the organization's process architecture.</p>
<p>As an example, business analysts perform supply chain analysis as a means of evaluating specific processes in an organization. Analysis of the supply chain is frequently conducted by decomposing group-level processes into individual sub-components and then decomposing these down to individuals performing specific tasks.</p>
<p>Business analysts involved with business process management are frequently engaged in continuous improvement activities as they are often the ones most familiar with BPM.</p>
<h3 id="3-value-and-solutions-delivered">.3 Value and Solutions Delivered</h3>
<p>The goal of BPM is to improve operational performance (effectiveness, efficiency, adaptability, and quality) and to reduce costs and risks. Business analysts frequently consider transparency into processes and operations as a common core value of BPM initiatives. Transparency into processes and operations provides decision makers a clear view of the operational consequences of previous process related decisions. Business analysis efforts frequently begin with the identification of the business need of the customers. Needs are generally referred to as BPM drivers. BPM drivers include: • cost reduction initiatives, • increase in quality,</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-425">425</p>
</section></body>
</html>