<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Description</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_361">
<p>10.45.2 Description</p>
<p>Survey or Questionnaire <strong>10.45.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>A survey or questionnaire presents a set of questions to stakeholders and subject matter experts (SMEs), whose responses are then collected and analyzed in order to formulate knowledge about the subject matter of interest. The questions can be submitted in written form or can be administered in person, over the telephone, or using technology that can record responses.</p>
<p>There are two types of questions used in a survey or questionnaire: responses, such as a Yes/No response, a multiple-choice selection, a rank/order decision, or a statement requiring a level of agreement. This is useful when the anticipated range of user responses is fairly well defined and understood. The responses to close-ended questions are easier to analyze than those gained from open-ended questions because they can be tied to numerical coefficients. without having to select an answer from a list of predefined responses.</p>
<p>Open-ended questions are useful when the issues are known and the range of user responses is not. Open-ended questions may result in more detail and a wider range of responses than closed-ended questions. The responses to open-ended questions are more difficult and time-consuming to categorize, quantify, and summarize as they are unstructured and often include subjective language with incomplete or superfluous content.</p>
<p>Questions should be asked in a way that does not influence the response data.</p>
<p>They should be expressed in neutral language and should not be structured or sequenced to condition the respondent to provide perceived desirable answers.</p>
<p><strong>10.45.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-prepare">.1 Prepare</h3>
<p>An effective survey or questionnaire requires detailed planning in order to ensure that the needed information is obtained in an efficient manner.</p>
<p>When preparing for a survey or questionnaire, business analysts do the following: purpose of the survey or questionnaire. Questions are formulated with the intent of meeting the objective. terms of population size and any perceived variations (for example, culture, language, or location) helps identify factors that can impact survey design. the survey or questionnaire determines the appropriate combination of close-ended questions and open-ended questions to elicit the information required.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-351">351</p>
</section></body>
</html>