<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Guidelines and Tools</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_084">
<p>4.5.5 Guidelines and Tools <strong>4.5.5</strong></p>
<h2 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h2>
<h3 id="business-analysis-approach">• Business Analysis Approach</h3>
<p>required from each stakeholder group to perform planned business analysis activities.</p>
<h3 id="business-objectives">• Business Objectives</h3>
<p>future state. They can be used to focus diverse stakeholders on a common vision of the desired business outcomes.</p>
<h3 id="future-state-description">• Future State Description</h3>
<p>value it delivers which can be used to focus diverse stakeholders on the common goal.</p>
<h3 id="recommended-actions">• Recommended Actions</h3>
<p>value of a solution can help to galvanize support and focus stakeholders on a common goal.</p>
<h3 id="risk-analysis-results">• Risk Analysis Results</h3>
<p>ensure stakeholder collaboration activities are successful.</p>
<p><strong>4.5.6</strong></p>
<h3 id="collaborative-games">• Collaborative Games</h3>
<p>temporarily immersing participants in a safe and fun situation in which they can share their knowledge and experience on a given topic, identify hidden assumptions, and explore that knowledge in ways that may not occur during the course of normal interactions.</p>
<h3 id="lessons-learned">• Lessons Learned</h3>
<p>dissatisfaction, and offer them an opportunity to help improve the working relationships.</p>
<h3 id="risk-analysis-and-management">• Risk Analysis and Management</h3>
<p>relate to stakeholder involvement, participation, and engagement.</p>
<h3 id="stakeholder-list-map-or-personas">• Stakeholder List, Map, or Personas</h3>
<p>participate in the business analysis work, show the informal relationships between stakeholders, and understand which stakeholders should be consulted about different kinds of business analysis information.</p>
<p><strong>4.5.7</strong></p>
<h3 id="stakeholders">Stakeholders</h3>
<p><strong>• All stakeholders</strong> collaboration during change.</p>
<p><strong>4.5.8</strong></p>
<h2 id="outputs">Outputs</h2>
<h3 id="stakeholder-engagement">• Stakeholder Engagement</h3>
<p>business analysis activities and interact with the business analyst when necessary.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-74">74</p>
</section></body>
</html>