<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Organizational Modelling</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_151">
<p>7.1.7 Stakeholders</p>
<p>Verify Requirements</p>
<h3 id="organizational-modelling">• Organizational Modelling</h3>
<p>roles, responsibilities, and communications within an organization.</p>
<h3 id="process-modelling">• Process Modelling</h3>
<p>the organization, or that must be performed to meet the desired change.</p>
<h3 id="prototyping">• Prototyping</h3>
<p>capabilities of a planned solution.</p>
<h3 id="roles-and-permissions-matrix">• Roles and Permissions Matrix</h3>
<p>concerned with the separation of duties among users and external interfaces in utilizing a solution.</p>
<h3 id="root-cause-analysis">• Root Cause Analysis</h3>
<p>rationale.</p>
<h2 id="scope-modelling">• Scope Modelling</h2>
<h3 id="sequence-diagrams">• Sequence Diagrams</h3>
<p>processes operate and interact with one another, and in what order.</p>
<h3 id="stakeholder-list-map-or-personas">• Stakeholder List, Map, or Personas</h3>
<p>their characteristics.</p>
<h3 id="state-modelling">• State Modelling</h3>
<p>throughout a life cycle, in terms of the events that occur.</p>
<h3 id="use-cases-and-scenarios">• Use Cases and Scenarios</h3>
<p>by showing user interactions with the solution, to achieve a specific goal or accomplish a particular task.</p>
<h3 id="user-stories">• User Stories</h3>
<p>people do or need to do when using the solution.</p>
<p><strong>7.1.7</strong></p>
<h3 id="stakeholders">Stakeholders</h3>
<p><strong>• Any stakeholder</strong> themselves and then separately package and communicate the requirements to stakeholders for their review and approval, or they might choose to invite some or all stakeholders to participate in this task.</p>
<p><strong>7.1.8</strong></p>
<h3 id="outputs">Outputs</h3>
<p><strong>• Requirements (specified and modelled)</strong> and/or designs in the form of text, matrices, and diagrams.</p>
<p><strong>7.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="verify-requirements">Verify Requirements</h3>
<p><strong>7.2.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>The purpose of Verify Requirements is to ensure that requirements and designs specifications and models meet quality standards and are usable for the purpose they serve.</p>
</section></body>
</html>