<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Business Cases</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_140">
<p>6.4.7 Stakeholders</p>
<h3 id="business-cases">• Business Cases</h3>
<p>strategy and other potential strategies that were assessed but not recommended.</p>
<h3 id="business-model-canvas">• Business Model Canvas</h3>
<p>infrastructure, customer base, and financial structure of the organization in order to achieve the potential value.</p>
<h3 id="decision-analysis">• Decision Analysis</h3>
<p>which is most appropriate.</p>
<h3 id="estimation">• Estimation</h3>
<p>strategy.</p>
<h3 id="financial-analysis">• Financial Analysis</h3>
<p>change strategy, and evaluate strategies against targets set for return on investments.</p>
<h3 id="focus-groups">• Focus Groups</h3>
<p>input on the solution and change strategy.</p>
<h3 id="functional-decomposition">• Functional Decomposition</h3>
<p>solution into parts when developing a change strategy.</p>
<h3 id="interviews">• Interviews</h3>
<p>scope and change scope, and to understand their suggestions for a change strategy.</p>
<h3 id="lessons-learned">• Lessons Learned</h3>
<p>order to improve this change strategy.</p>
<h2 id="mind-mapping">• Mind Mapping</h2>
<h3 id="organizational-modelling">• Organizational Modelling</h3>
<p>reporting structures that are necessary during the change and are part of the solution scope.</p>
<h3 id="process-modelling">• Process Modelling</h3>
<p>scope or during the change.</p>
<h3 id="scope-modelling">• Scope Modelling</h3>
<p>change scope descriptions.</p>
<h3 id="swot-analysis">• SWOT Analysis</h3>
<p>appropriate.</p>
<h3 id="vendor-assessment">• Vendor Assessment</h3>
<p>change strategy, either to implement the change or to be part of the solution.</p>
<h3 id="workshops">• Workshops</h3>
<p>strategies.</p>
<p><strong>6.4.7</strong></p>
<h2 id="stakeholders">Stakeholders</h2>
<h3 id="customer">• Customer</h3>
<p>the change. Customers can also be involved in a change as testers or focus</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-130">130</p>
</section></body>
</html>