<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Industry Knowledge</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_210">
<p>9.3.2 Industry Knowledge • understanding the risks involved and the ability to make decisions on managing risks, • demonstrating the ability to recognize an opportunity to decrease expenses and increase profits, and • understanding the options available to address emerging changes in the situation.</p>
<p><strong>9.3.2</strong></p>
<h2 id="industry-knowledge">Industry Knowledge</h2>
<h3 id="1-purpose">.1 Purpose</h3>
<p>Industry knowledge provides the business analyst with an understanding of current practices and activities within an industry, and similar processes across industries.</p>
<h3 id="2-description">.2 Description</h3>
<p>Industry knowledge is an understanding of: • current trends, • customer segments, • market forces, • suppliers, • market drivers, • practices, • key processes, • regulations, and • services, • other factors that impact or are impacted by the industry and related industries.</p>
<p>• products, • definitions, Industry knowledge is also an understanding of how a company is positioned within an industry, and its impacts and dependencies, in regards to the market and human resources.</p>
<p>When developing knowledge about a particular industry, competitor, or company the following set of questions can provide guidance: • Who are the top leaders in the industry?</p>
<p>• Which organizations promote or regulate the industry?</p>
<p>• What are the benefits of being involved with these organizations?</p>
<p>• Who is creating publicity releases, participating in conventions, and delivering marketing materials?</p>
<p>• What are the comparisons of products and services?</p>
<p>• What are the satisfaction indicators/benchmarking projects that are applicable?</p>
<p>• What are the suppliers, practices, equipment and tools used by each company, and why do they use them?</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-200">200</p>
</section></body>
</html>