<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 Limitations</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_333">
<p>10.36 Prototyping</p>
<p>Prototyping • Likely to have value in its own right. They provide documentation for compliance purposes and can be used by business stakeholders for training and coordination of activities.</p>
<p>• Can be used as a baseline for continuous improvement.</p>
<p>• Ensures labelling consistency across artifacts.</p>
<p>• Provides transparency and clarity to process owners and participants on activity responsibilities, sequence and hand-overs.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• To many people in IT, a formal process model tends to reflect an older and more document-heavy approach to software development. Therefore, project time is not allocated to developing a process model, especially of the current state or problem domain.</p>
<p>• Can become extremely complex and unwieldy if not structured carefully. This is especially true if business rules and decisions are not managed separately from the process.</p>
<p>• Complex processes can involve many activities and roles; this can make them almost impossible for a single individual to understand and ‘sign off’.</p>
<p>• Problems in a process cannot always be identified by looking at a high-level model. A more detailed model with reference to metadata (such as path frequency, cost, and time factors) is usually required. It is often necessary to engage with stakeholders directly to find the operational problems they have encountered while working with a process.</p>
<p>• In a highly dynamic environment where things change quickly, process models can become obsolete.</p>
<p>• May prove difficult to maintain if the process model only serves as documentation, as stakeholders may alter the process to meet their needs without updating the model.</p>
<p><strong>10.36</strong></p>
<h3 id="prototyping">Prototyping</h3>
<p><strong>10.36.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>Prototyping is used to elicit and validate stakeholder needs through an iterative process that creates a model or design of requirements. It is also used to optimize user experience, to evaluate design options, and as a basis for development of the final business solution.</p>
<p><strong>10.36.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Prototyping is a proven method for product design. It works by providing an early model of the final result, known as a prototype. Prototyping is used to identify both missing or improperly specified requirements and unsubstantiated</p>
</section></body>
</html>