<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Stakeholders</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_093">
<p>5.1.7 Stakeholders</p>
<p>Maintain Requirements <strong>5.1.7</strong></p>
<h2 id="stakeholders">Stakeholders</h2>
<h3 id="customers">• Customers</h3>
<p>may have to be consulted about, or agree to, the traceability relationships.</p>
<h3 id="domain-subject-matter-expert">• Domain Subject Matter Expert</h3>
<p>set of requirements to be linked to a solution component or to a release.</p>
<h3 id="end-user">• End User</h3>
<p>requirements to be implemented at the same time or in a specific sequence.</p>
<h3 id="implementation-subject-matter-expert">• Implementation Subject Matter Expert</h3>
<p>solution being developed meets the business need and brings awareness of dependencies between solution components during implementation.</p>
<h3 id="operational-support">• Operational Support</h3>
<p>source for help desk support.</p>
<h3 id="project-manager">• Project Manager</h3>
<p>management.</p>
<h2 id="sponsor">• Sponsor</h2>
<h2 id="suppliers">• Suppliers</h2>
<h3 id="tester">• Tester</h3>
<p>when creating test plans and test cases, and may trace test cases to requirements.</p>
<p><strong>5.1.8</strong></p>
<h3 id="outputs">Outputs</h3>
<p><strong>• Requirements (traced)</strong> requirements, solution components, or releases, phases, or iterations, within a solution scope, such that coverage and the effects of change are clearly identifiable.</p>
<p><strong>• Designs (traced)</strong> components, or releases, phases, or iterations, within a solution scope, such that coverage and the effects of change are clearly identifiable.</p>
<p><strong>5.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="maintain-requirements">Maintain Requirements</h3>
<p><strong>5.2.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>The purpose of Maintain Requirements is to retain requirement accuracy and consistency throughout and beyond the change during the entire requirements life cycle, and to support reuse of requirements in other solutions.</p>
<p><strong>5.2.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>A requirement that represents an ongoing need must be maintained to ensure that it remains valid over time.</p>
</section></body>
</html>