<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 State Transition</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_359">
<p>State Modelling A complex state can be decomposed into sub-states.</p>
<h3 id="2-state-transition">.2 State Transition</h3>
<p>How the entity changes or transitions from one state to another could be determined by the steps of a process, by business rules, or by information content. The sequence of states of an entity are not always linear; an entity could skip over several states or revert to a previous state, perhaps more than once.</p>
<p>A transition may be conditional (triggered by a specific event or a condition being reached) or automatic (triggered by the completion of the required activities while in the previous state or by the passage of time). It may also be recursive, leaving one state and returning back to the same state. A transition is described in terms of the event that causes the transition, conditions which determine whether or not the entity must respond to that event, and actions that occur in association with the event.</p>
<h3 id="3-state-diagram">.3 State Diagram</h3>
<p>A state diagram shows the life cycle of one entity, beginning when the entity first comes into existence and moving through all of the different states that the entity may have until it is discarded and no longer of use.</p>
<p>A state on a state diagram is shown as a rectangle with rounded corners. There may be any number of states. A state may be decomposed into sub-states.</p>
<p>The transition from one state to another state is shown with a one-directional arrow pointing from the start state to the destination state, optionally labelled with the name of the event that causes the entity’s state to change from one state to another, and optionally with conditions and actions.</p>
<p>The beginning and end of the entity’s life cycle are shown with special symbols for both the initial state, which indicates that the entity has come into existence, and the final state, which indicates that the entity is discarded and the life cycle is complete.</p>
<h2 id="figure-10441-state-transition-diagram">Figure 10.44.1: State Transition Diagram</h2>
<h2 id="initial-state">Initial State</h2>
<h2 id="state-1">State 1</h2>
<h2 id="state-2">State 2</h2>
<h2 id="transition">Transition</h2>
<h2 id="state-3">State 3</h2>
<h3 id="final-state">Final State</h3>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-349">349</p>
</section></body>
</html>