<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 Limitations</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_307">
<p>10.28 Metrics and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)</p>
<p>Metrics and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• Honest discussion may not occur if participants try to assign blame during these sessions.</p>
<p>• Participants may be reluctant to document and discuss problems.</p>
<p>• Proactive facilitation may be required to ensure that the discussions remain focused on solutions and improvement opportunities.</p>
<p><strong>10.28</strong></p>
<h3 id="metrics-and-key-performance-indicators-kpis">Metrics and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)</h3>
<p><strong>10.28.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>Metrics and key performance indicators measure the performance of solutions, solution components, and other matters of interest to stakeholders.</p>
<p><strong>10.28.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>A metric is a quantifiable level of an indicator that an organization uses to measure progress. An indicator identifies a specific numerical measurement that represents the degree of progress toward achieving a goal, objective, output, activity, or further input. A key performance indicator (KPI) is one that measures progress towards a strategic goal or objective. Reporting is the process of informing stakeholders of metrics or indicators in specified formats and at specified intervals.</p>
<p>Metrics and reporting are key components of monitoring and evaluation.</p>
<p>Monitoring is a continuous process of data collection used to determine how well a solution has been implemented as compared to the expected results. Evaluation is the systematic and objective assessment of a solution both to determine its status and effectiveness in meeting objectives over time and to identify ways to improve the solution to better meet objectives. The top priorities of a monitoring and evaluation system are the intended goals and effects of a solution, as well as inputs, activities, and outputs.</p>
<p><strong>10.28.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-indicators">.1 Indicators</h3>
<p>An indicator displays the result of analyzing one or more specific measures for addressing a concern about a need, value, output, activity, or input in a table or graphical form. Each concern requires at least one indicator to measure it properly, but some may require several.</p>
<p>A good indicator has six characteristics:</p>
</section></body>
</html>