<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.10 Identify Assumptions</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_126">
<p><strong>.9 Internal Assets</strong> The analysis of resources might indicate that existing resources need to be increased or require increased capabilities, or that new resources need to be developed. When analyzing resources, business analysts examine the resources needed to maintain the current state and implement the change strategy, and determine what resources can be used as part of a desired future state. The assessment of existing and needed resources is considered when performing a feasibility analysis on possible solution approaches for the change strategy.</p>
<h3 id="10-identify-assumptions">.10 Identify Assumptions</h3>
<p>Most strategies are predicated on a set of assumptions that will determine whether or not the strategy can succeed, particularly when operating in a highly uncertain environment. It will often be difficult or impossible to prove that the delivery of a new capability will meet a business need, even in cases where it appears reasonable to assume that the new capability will have the desired effect.</p>
<p>These assumptions must be identified and clearly understood, so that appropriate decisions can be made if the assumption later proves invalid. Change strategies in uncertain environments can be structured in order to test these assumptions as early as possible to support a redirection or termination of the initiative.</p>
<h3 id="11-potential-value">.11 Potential Value</h3>
<p>Meeting the business objectives alone does not justify the transition to a future state; the potential value must be evaluated to see if it is sufficient to justify a change.</p>
<p>When defining the future state, business analysts identify the potential value of the solution. The potential value of the future state is the net benefit of the solution after operating costs are accounted for. A change must result in greater value for the enterprise than would be achieved if no action was taken. However, it is possible that the future state will represent a decrease in value from the current state for some stakeholders or even for the enterprise as a whole. New regulations or increased competition, for example, might need to be addressed for the enterprise to remain operating but could still decrease the overall value captured.</p>
<p>While determining the future state, business analysts consider increased or decreased potential value from: • external opportunities revealed in assessing external influences, • unknown strengths of new partners, • new technologies or knowledge, • potential loss of a competitor in the market, and • mandated adoption of a change component.</p>
<p>Business analysts identify the specific opportunities for potential alterations in value, as well as the probability of those increases for the individual components</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-116">116</p>
</section></body>
</html>