<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Focus Groups</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_119">
<p><strong>• Financial Analysis</strong> and the financial capability to deliver change.</p>
<h3 id="focus-groups">• Focus Groups</h3>
<p>state.</p>
<h3 id="functional-decomposition">• Functional Decomposition</h3>
<p>the current state.</p>
<h3 id="interviews">• Interviews</h3>
<p>state and any needs evolving from the current state.</p>
<h2 id="item-tracking">• Item Tracking</h2>
<h3 id="lessons-learned">• Lessons Learned</h3>
<p>improvement in past initiatives, which may drive a business need for process improvement.</p>
<h3 id="metrics-and-key-performance-indicators-kpis">• Metrics and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)</h3>
<p>the current state of an enterprise.</p>
<h3 id="mind-mapping">• Mind Mapping</h3>
<p>better understand relevant factors affecting the business need.</p>
<h3 id="observation">• Observation</h3>
<p>current state that have not been identified previously by a stakeholder.</p>
<h3 id="organizational-modelling">• Organizational Modelling</h3>
<p>structures that exist within the current state organization.</p>
<h2 id="process-analysis">• Process Analysis</h2>
<h2 id="process-modelling">• Process Modelling</h2>
<h2 id="risk-analysis-and-management">• Risk Analysis and Management</h2>
<h3 id="root-cause-analysis">• Root Cause Analysis</h3>
<p>any problems in the current state in order to further clarify a need.</p>
<h3 id="scope-modelling">• Scope Modelling</h3>
<p>description.</p>
<h3 id="survey-or-questionnaire">• Survey or Questionnaire</h3>
<p>from a large, varied, or disparate group of stakeholders.</p>
<h3 id="swot-analysis">• SWOT Analysis</h3>
<p>threats to the current state enterprise.</p>
<h3 id="vendor-assessment">• Vendor Assessment</h3>
<p>current state are adequately meeting commitments, or if any changes are needed.</p>
<h3 id="workshops">• Workshops</h3>
<p>and their needs.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-109">109</p>
</section></body>
</html>