<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_311">
<p>10.29.3 Elements</p>
<p>Mind Mapping <strong>10.29.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-main-topic">.1 Main Topic</h3>
<p>The main topic of a mind map is the thought or concept that is being articulated.</p>
<p>The main topic is positioned in the centre of the images so that multiple topics and associations can branch off. Images are frequently used as the main topic because they contain a great deal of information and can be useful in stimulating associated topics.</p>
<h3 id="2-topics">.2 Topics</h3>
<p>Topics are thoughts or concepts that expound upon or further articulate the main topic. Their association with the main topic is expressed through a branch (connected line) that has a keyword associated with it. There can be as many or as few topics as required to fully explore the thought or concept of the main topic.</p>
<h3 id="3-sub-topics">.3 Sub-topics</h3>
<p>Sub-topics are thoughts or concepts that expound upon or further articulate the topic and directly relate to the main topic. Their association with the topic is expressed through a branch (connected line) that has a keyword associated with it. There can be as many or as few sub-topics as required to fully explore the thought or concept of the main topic.</p>
<h3 id="4-branches">.4 Branches</h3>
<p>Branches are the associations between the main topic, topics, and sub-topics.</p>
<p>Branches include a keyword that clearly articulates the nature of the association.</p>
<h3 id="5-keywords">.5 Keywords</h3>
<p>Keywords are single words used to articulate the nature of the association of topics or sub-topics connected by a branch. The keywords are useful for both categorizing topics and for triggering additional associations.</p>
<h3 id="6-colour">.6 Colour</h3>
<p>Colour may be used to categorize, prioritize, and analyze topics, sub-topics, and their associations. There is no defined colour coding standard for mind maps.</p>
<p>Each mind map creator applies colour in a way that best suits their mode of thinking.</p>
<h3 id="7-images">.7 Images</h3>
<p>Images can be used in mind maps to express larger volumes of information that are unable to be expressed in short topic headings. Images are useful in stimulating creativity and innovation by generating additional thoughts, ideas, and associations.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-301">301</p>
</section></body>
</html>