<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Figure 10.17.3: Decision Requirements Diagram</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_278">
<p>10.17.4 Usage Considerations</p>
<h2 id="figure-10173-decision-requirements-diagram">Figure 10.17.3: Decision Requirements Diagram</h2>
<h2 id="knowledge">Knowledge</h2>
<h2 id="source">Source</h2>
<h2 id="business">Business</h2>
<h2 id="knowledge">Knowledge</h2>
<h2 id="decision">Decision</h2>
<h2 id="input-data">Input Data</h2>
<h2 id="decision">Decision</h2>
<h2 id="business">Business</h2>
<h2 id="knowledge">Knowledge</h2>
<h3 id="input-data">Input Data</h3>
<p><strong>10.17.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• Decision models are easy to share with stakeholders, facilitate a shared understanding, and support impact analysis.</p>
<p>• Multiple perspectives can be shared and combined, especially when a diagram is used.</p>
<p>• Simplifies complex decision making by removing business rules management from the process.</p>
<p>• Assists with managing large numbers of rules in decision tables by grouping rules by decision. This also helps with reuse.</p>
<p>• These models work for rules-based automation, data mining, and predictive analytics, as well as for manual decisions or business intelligence projects.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• Adds a second diagram style when modelling business processes that contain decisions.This may add unnecessary complexity if the decision is simple and tightly coupled with the process.</p>
<p>• May limit rules to those required by known decisions and so limit the capture of rules not related to a known decision.</p>
<p>• Defining decision models may allow an organization to think it has a standard way of making decisions when it does not. May lock an organization into a current-state decision-making approach.</p>
<p>• Cuts across organizational boundaries, which can make it difficult to acquire any necessary sign-off.</p>
<p>• May not address behavioural business rules in a direct fashion.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-268">268</p>
</section></body>
</html>