<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.4 Business Analysis Outcomes</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_423">
<p>do this they require insight, skills, and knowledge from: • business strategy and goals, • conceptual business information, • enterprise IT architecture, • process architecture, and • business performance and intelligence architecture.</p>
<p>Business architecture supports the strategic advisory and planning groups that guide and make decisions regarding change within the organization. It provides guidance and insights into how decisions align to the strategic goals of the organization, and ensures this alignment throughout the various transition states as the change moves towards its future state.</p>
<h3 id="4-business-analysis-outcomes">.4 Business Analysis Outcomes</h3>
<p>Business architecture provides a broad scope and a holistic view for business analysis.</p>
<p>The general outcomes of business architecture include: • the alignment of the organization to its strategy, • the planning of change in the execution of strategy, and • ensuring that as change is implemented, it continues to align to the strategy.</p>
<p>These business architecture outcomes provide context for requirements analysis, planning and prioritization, estimation, and high-level system design. This provides insight and alignment with strategy, stakeholder needs, and business capabilities. Architectural views and blueprints provide information that may have otherwise been based on assumptions, and minimize the risk of duplication of efforts in creating capabilities, systems, or information that already exist elsewhere in the enterprise.</p>
<p>The various models and blueprints provided by business architecture are its key deliverables. These include, but are not limited to: • business capability maps, • value stream maps, • organization maps, • business information concepts, • high-level process architecture, and • business motivation models.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-413">413</p>
</section></body>
</html>