<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_370">
<p>10.48.3 Elements</p>
<p>User Stories • as a metric for measuring the delivery of value, • as a unit for tracing related requirements, • as a basis for additional analysis, and • as a unit of project management and reporting.</p>
<p><strong>10.48.3</strong></p>
<h3 id="elements">Elements</h3>
<p><strong>.1 Title (optional)</strong> The title of the story describes an activity the stakeholder wants to carry out with the system. Typically, it is an active-verb goal phrase similar to the way use cases are titled.</p>
<h3 id="2-statement-of-value">.2 Statement of Value</h3>
<p>There is no mandatory structure for user stories.</p>
<p>The most popular format includes three components: implemented.</p>
<p>For example, "As a <who>, I need to <what>, so that <why>." "Given...When...Then" is another common format.</why>
<h3 id="3-conversation">.3 Conversation</h3>
<p>User stories help teams to explore and understand the feature described in the story and the value it will deliver to the stakeholder. The story itself doesn't capture everything there is to know about the stakeholder need and the information in the story is supplemented by further modelling as the story is delivered.</p>
<h3 id="4-acceptance-criteria">.4 Acceptance Criteria</h3>
<p>A user story may be supported through the development of detailed acceptance criteria (see Acceptance and Evaluation Criteria (p. 217)). Acceptance criteria define the boundaries of a user story and help the team to understand what the solution needs to provide in order to deliver value for the stakeholders.</p>
<p>Acceptance criteria may be supplemented with other analysis models as needed.</p>
<p><strong>10.48.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• Easily understandable by stakeholders.</p>
<p>• Can be developed through a variety of elicitation techniques.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-360">360</p>
</what></who>
</p></section></body></html>