<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Key Resources</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_248">
<p><strong>Key Activities</strong> Key activities are those that are critical to the creation, delivery, and maintenance of value, as well as other activities that support the operation of the enterprise.</p>
<p>Key activities can be classified as: customer is willing to pay. to pay. offering, activities performed to meet regulatory and other needs, or costs associated with doing business, for which the customer is not willing to pay.</p>
<h3 id="key-resources">Key Resources</h3>
<p>Resources are the assets needed to execute a business model. Resources may be different based on the business model.</p>
<p>Resources can be classified as: of credit. such as knowledge, patents and copyrights, customer databases, and branding.</p>
<h3 id="value-proposition">Value Proposition</h3>
<p>A value proposition represents what a customer is willing to exchange for having their needs met. The proposition may consist of a single product or service, or may be comprised of a set of goods and services that are bundled together to address the needs of a customer or customer segment to help them solve their problem.</p>
<h3 id="customer-relationships">Customer Relationships</h3>
<p>In general, customer relationships are classified as customer acquisition and customer retention. The methods used in establishing and maintaining customer relationships vary depending on the level of interaction desired and the method of communication. For example, some relationships can be highly personalized, while others are automated and promote a self-serve approach. The relationships can also be formal or informal.</p>
<p>Organizations interact with their customers in different ways depending on the relationship they want to establish and maintain.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-238">238</p>
</section></body>
</html>