<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_239">
<p>10.5.3 Elements</p>
<p>Brainstorming <strong>10.5.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-preparation">.1 Preparation</h3>
<p>• Develop a clear and concise definition of the area of interest.</p>
<p>• Determine a time limit for the group to generate ideas; the larger the group, the more time required.</p>
<p>• Identify the facilitator and participants in the session (aim for six to eight participants who represent a range of backgrounds and experience with the topic).</p>
<p>• Set expectations with participants and get their buy-in to the process.</p>
<p>• Establish the criteria for evaluating and rating the ideas.</p>
<h3 id="2-session">.2 Session</h3>
<p>• Share new ideas without any discussion, criticism, or evaluation.</p>
<p>• Visibly record all ideas.</p>
<p>• Encourage participants to be creative, share exaggerated ideas, and build on the ideas of others.</p>
<p>• Don't limit the number of ideas as the goal is to elicit as many as possible within the time period.</p>
<h3 id="3-wrap-up">.3 Wrap-up</h3>
<p>• Once the time limit is reached, discuss and evaluate the ideas using the predetermined evaluation criteria.</p>
<p>• Create a condensed list of ideas, combine ideas where appropriate, and eliminate duplicates.</p>
<p>• Rate the ideas, and then distribute the final list of ideas to the appropriate parties.</p>
<p><strong>10.5.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• Ability to elicit many ideas in a short time period.</p>
<p>• Non-judgmental environment enables creative thinking.</p>
<p>• Can be useful during a workshop to reduce tension between participants.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• Participation is dependent on individual creativity and willingness to participate.</p>
<p>• Organizational and interpersonal politics may limit overall participation.</p>
<p>• Group participants must agree to avoid debating the ideas raised during brainstorming.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-229">229</p>
</section></body>
</html>