<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Guidelines and Tools</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_077">
<p>4.3.5 Guidelines and Tools <strong>4.3.5</strong></p>
<h2 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h2>
<h3 id="elicitation-activity-plan">• Elicitation Activity Plan</h3>
<p>elicitation results are to be compared.</p>
<h3 id="existing-business-analysis-information">• Existing Business Analysis Information</h3>
<p>of elicitation activities or to develop additional questions to draw out more detailed information.</p>
<p><strong>4.3.6</strong></p>
<h3 id="document-analysis">• Document Analysis</h3>
<p>information or other existing documents.</p>
<h3 id="interviews">• Interviews</h3>
<p>that the integration of that information is correct.</p>
<h3 id="reviews">• Reviews</h3>
<p>informal or formal depending on the risks of not having correct, useful, and relevant information.</p>
<h3 id="workshops">• Workshops</h3>
<p>level of formality. A predetermined agenda, scripts, or scenario tests may be used to walk through the elicitation results, and feedback is requested from the participants and recorded.</p>
<p><strong>4.3.7</strong></p>
<h2 id="stakeholders">Stakeholders</h2>
<h3 id="domain-subject-matter-experts">• Domain Subject Matter Experts</h3>
<p>experience, or expertise about the business analysis information being elicited, or about the change or the solution, help to confirm that elicitation results are correct, and can help to identify omissions, inconsistencies and conflicts in elicitation results. They can also confirm that the right business analysis information has been elicited.</p>
<p><strong>• Any stakeholder</strong> confirming elicitation results.</p>
<p><strong>4.3.8</strong></p>
<h2 id="outputs">Outputs</h2>
<h3 id="elicitation-results-confirmed">• Elicitation Results (confirmed)</h3>
<p>and other stakeholders agree correctly reflects captured information and confirms that it is relevant and useful as an input to further work.</p>
<p><strong>4.4</strong> <strong>4.4.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<h3 id="the-purpose-of-communicate-business-analysis-information-is-to-ensure">The purpose of Communicate Business Analysis Information is to ensure</h3>
<p>stakeholders have a shared understanding of business analysis information.</p>
</section></body>
</html>