<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 Organizational Structure and Culture</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_115">
<p>A business need may be identified at many different levels of the enterprise: function or system. make sound decisions or must perform additional functions to meet business objectives. marketplace.</p>
<p>The definition of business needs is frequently the most critical step in any business analysis effort. A solution must satisfy the business needs to be considered successful. The way the need is defined determines which alternative solutions will be considered, which stakeholders will be consulted, and which solution approaches will be evaluated. Business needs are always expressed from the perspective of the enterprise, and not that of any particular stakeholder.</p>
<p>Business needs are often identified or expressed along with a presumed solution.</p>
<p>The business analyst should question the assumptions and constraints that are generally buried in the statement of the issue to ensure that the correct problem is being solved and the widest possible range of alternative solutions are considered.</p>
<p>A solution to a set of business needs must have the potential to generate benefits for the enterprise or its stakeholders, or avoid losses that would otherwise occur.</p>
<p>Factors the business analyst may consider include: • adverse impacts the problem is causing within the organization and quantify those impacts (for example, potential lost revenue, inefficiencies, dissatisfied customers, low employee morale), • expected benefits from any potential solution (for example, increased revenue, reduced costs, increased market share), • how quickly the problem could potentially be resolved or the opportunity could be taken, and the cost of doing nothing, and • the underlying source of the problem.</p>
<p>Business needs will drive the overall analysis of the current state. Although it isn’t necessary to fully detail all aspects of the current state before further developing the change strategy, this exploration will often uncover deeper underlying causes of the problem or the opportunity that triggered the investigation (which then become additional business needs).</p>
<h3 id="2-organizational-structure-and-culture">.2 Organizational Structure and Culture</h3>
<p>Organizational structure defines the formal relationships between people working in the enterprise. While communication channels and relationships are not limited to that structure, they are heavily influenced by it, and the reporting structure may aid or limit a potential change.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-105">105</p>
</section></body>
</html>