<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.4 Interview Logistics</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_302">
<p>Interview questions may be customized when the purpose of the interview is to gather information that is unique to the perspective of the interviewee.</p>
<p>Standardized questions may be used when the interview results will be summarized and analyzed, such as when interview results will be tallied using a check sheet.</p>
<p>Interview questions can be compiled in an interview guide, which includes the interview questions, proposed timing, and follow-up questions. This will all be based on the interview type, according to the interview goals, mode of communication, and duration. The interview guide can be a document where the interviewee’s responses are easily recorded. The interview guide should identify which interview questions may be omitted based upon time constraints.</p>
<h3 id="4-interview-logistics">.4 Interview Logistics</h3>
<p>Ensuring a successful interview requires attention to logistics that include: • The location for the interview. The interview is adapted to the schedule and availability of the interviewee and the mode of communication (in-person, phone, or online conferencing).</p>
<p>• Whether or not to record the interview, which may require the use of a scribe.</p>
<p>• Whether or not to send the questions to the interviewees in advance.</p>
<p>Sending questions in advance is advisable only when the interviewee needs to collect information to prepare for the interview.</p>
<p>• Whether the interview results will be confidential and, if so, how the results will be summarized to avoid identifying individual interviewees.</p>
<h3 id="5-interview-flow">.5 Interview Flow</h3>
<p>Opening the interview includes: • describing the purpose of the interview, including why the interviewees' time is needed, • confirming the interviewees' roles and addressing any initial concerns raised by the interviewees, and • explaining how information from the interview will be recorded and shared with the interviewees and other stakeholders during the project.</p>
<p>During the interview, the interviewer: • maintains focus on the established goals and predefined questions, and adapts based upon the information provided and non-verbal communication from the interviewees, • considers both the willingness of the interviewees to participate in the interview and to provide the required information, • considers that several meetings might be required to conduct the entire interview, • manages concerns raised by the interviewees by addressing them during the interview or documenting them for follow-up,</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-292">292</p>
</section></body>
</html>