<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.5 Financial Calculations</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_287">
<p>analysis to reflect this.</p>
<p>During a change initiative, as the expected costs become real costs, the business analyst may re-examine the cost-benefit analysis to determine if the solution or solution approach is still viable.</p>
<h3 id="5-financial-calculations">.5 Financial Calculations</h3>
<p>Organizations use a combination of standard financial calculations to understand different perspectives about when and how different investments deliver value.</p>
<p>These calculations take into consideration the inherent risks in different investments, the amount of upfront money to be invested compared to when the benefits will be realized, a comparison to other investments the organization could make, and the amount of time it will take to recoup the original investment.</p>
<p>Financial software, including spreadsheets, typically provide pre-programmed functions to correctly perform these financial calculations.</p>
<h3 id="return-on-investment">Return on Investment</h3>
<p>The return on investment (ROI) of a planned change is expressed as a percentage measuring the net benefits divided by the cost of the change. One change initiative, solution, or solution approach may be compared to that of others to determine which one provides the greater overall return relative to the amount of the investment.</p>
<p>The formula to calculate ROI is:</p>
<h3 id="return-on-investment-total-benefits-cost-of-the-investment-cost-of">Return on Investment = (Total Benefits – Cost of the Investment) / Cost of</h3>
<p><em>the Investment.</em></p>
<p>The higher the ROI, the better the investment.</p>
<p>When making a comparison between potential investments, the business analyst should use the same time period for both.</p>
<h3 id="discount-rate">Discount Rate</h3>
<p>The discount rate is the assumed interest rate used in present value calculations.</p>
<p>In general, this is similar to the interest rate that the organization would expect to earn if it invested its money elsewhere. Many organizations use a standard discount rate, usually determined by its finance officers, to evaluate potential investments such as change initiatives using the same assumptions about expected interest rates. Sometimes a larger discount rate is used for time periods that are more than a few years into the future to reflect greater uncertainty and risk.</p>
<h3 id="present-value">Present Value</h3>
<p>Different solutions and different solution approaches could realize benefits at different rates and over a different time. To objectively compare the effects of these different rates and time periods, the benefits are calculated in terms of</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-277">277</p>
</section></body>
</html>