<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>During Solution Evaluation, business</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_175">
<p><strong>Table 8.0.1:: The Core Concept Model in Solution Evaluation</strong></p>
<p><strong>Core Concept</strong></p>
<h3 id="during-solution-evaluation-business">During Solution Evaluation, business</h3>
<p><strong>analysts...</strong></p>
<h3 id="change">Change</h3>
<p>in response to a need. recommend a change to either a solution or the enterprise in order to realize the potential value of a solution.</p>
<p><strong>Need</strong> be addressed. evaluate how a solution or solution component is fulfilling the need.</p>
<h3 id="solution">Solution</h3>
<p>satisfying one or more needs in a context. assess the performance of the solution, examine if it is delivering the potential value, and analyze why value may not be realized by the solution or solution component.</p>
<h3 id="stakeholder">Stakeholder</h3>
<p>individual with a relationship to the change, the need, or the solution. elicit information from the stakeholders about solution performance and value delivery.</p>
<h3 id="value">Value</h3>
<p>usefulness of something to a stakeholder within a context. determine if the solution is delivering the potential value and examine why value may not be being realized.</p>
<h3 id="context">Context</h3>
<p>influence, are influenced by, and provide understanding of the change. consider the context in determining solution performance measures and any limitations within the context that may prohibit value from being realized.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-165">165</p>
</section></body>
</html>