<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Purpose</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_275">
<p>10.17 Decision Modelling • Some decision analysis models require specialized knowledge (for example, mathematical knowledge in probability and strong skills with decision analysis tools).</p>
<p><strong>10.17</strong> <strong>10.17.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>Decision modelling shows how repeatable business decisions are made.</p>
<p><strong>10.17.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Decision models show how data and knowledge are combined to make a specific decision. Decision models can be used for both straightforward and complex decisions. Straightforward decision models use a single decision table or decision tree to show how a set of business rules that operate on a common set of data elements combine to create a decision. Complex decision models break down decisions into their individual components so that each piece of the decision can be separately described and the model can show how those pieces combine to make an overall decision. The information that needs to be available to make the decision and any sub-decisions can be decomposed. Each sub-decision is described in terms of the business rules required to make that part of the decision.</p>
<p>A comprehensive decision model is an overarching model that is linked to processes, performance measures, and organizations. It shows where the business rules come from and represents decisions as analytical insight.</p>
<p>The business rules involved in a given decision may be definitional or behavioural.</p>
<p>For instance, a decision 'Validate order' might check that the tax amount is calculated correctly (a definitional rule) and that the billing address matches the credit card provided (a behavioural rule).</p>
<p>Decision tables and decision trees define how a specific decision is made. A graphical decision model can be constructed at various levels. A high-level model may only show the business decisions as they appear in business processes, while a more detailed model might show as-is or to-be decision making in enough detail to act as a structure for all the relevant business rules.</p>
<p><strong>10.17.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-types-of-models-and-notations">.1 Types of Models and Notations</h3>
<p>There are several different approaches to decision modelling. Decision tables represent all the rules required to make an atomic decision. Decision trees are common in some industries, but are generally used much less often than decision tables. Complex decisions require the combination of multiple simple decisions into a network. This is shown using dependency or requirements notations.</p>
</section></body>
</html>