<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Impact on Knowledge Areas</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_387">
<p>11.1.5 Impact on Knowledge Areas <strong>11.1.5</strong></p>
<h3 id="impact-on-knowledge-areas">Impact on Knowledge Areas</h3>
<p>This section explains how specific business analysis practices within agile are mapped to business analysis tasks and practices as defined by the</p>
<h3 id="guide">Guide</h3>
<p>agile discipline.</p>
<p>Each knowledge area lists techniques relevant to an agile perspective.</p>
<h3 id="guide">Guide</h3>
<p>Agile Extension techniques are discussed in detail in the rather to highlight the types of techniques used by business analysts while performing the tasks within the knowledge area.</p>
<h3 id="1-business-analysis-planning-and-monitoring">.1 Business Analysis Planning and Monitoring</h3>
<p>In agile approaches, detailed business analysis planning can be deferred until work on an activity is ready to begin rather than done upfront as in predictive projects.</p>
<p>An initial plan for business analysis activities is developed at the beginning of the project. The plan then gets updated prior to the start of each cycle to account for change and to ensure that the plan is always up to date. Stakeholder involvement and engagement is key to the success of agile projects. Business analysts proactively plan to involve, engage, and collaborate with stakeholders.</p>
<p>Communication is commonly much less formal and business analysis deliverables are often interactions and collaboration with less emphasis on the written documents.</p>
<h3 id="backlog-management-p-220">• Backlog Management (p. 220)</h3>
<p>• Prioritization (p. 311)</p>
<h2 id="collaborative-games-p-243">• Collaborative Games (p. 243)</h2>
<h3 id="scope-modelling-p-338">• Scope Modelling (p. 338)</h3>
<p>• Estimation (p. 271)</p>
<h3 id="stakeholder-list-map-or-personas">• Stakeholder List, Map, or Personas</h3>
<p>(p. 344)</p>
<h3 id="metrics-and-key-performance">• Metrics and Key Performance</h3>
<p>Indicators (KPIs) (p. 297)</p>
<h2 id="user-stories-p-359">• User Stories (p. 359)</h2>
<h3 id="mind-mapping-p-299">• Mind Mapping (p. 299)</h3>
<p>• Workshops (p. 363)</p>
<h2 id="agile-extension-techniques">Agile Extension Techniques</h2>
<h2 id="lightweight-documentation">• Lightweight Documentation</h2>
<h2 id="relative-estimation">• Relative Estimation</h2>
<h2 id="moscow-prioritization">• MoSCoW Prioritization</h2>
<h2 id="retrospective">• Retrospective</h2>
<h2 id="personas">• Personas</h2>
<h3 id="2-elicitation-and-collaboration">.2 Elicitation and Collaboration</h3>
<p>Progressive elicitation and elaboration occur throughout an agile initiative. The most common pattern is an initial elicitation activity that establishes the high-level vision and scope of the solution, and an initial milestone-based plan for the delivery of the product. In every cycle there is more detailed elicitation for the</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-377">377</p>
</section></body>
</html>