<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_364">
<p>10.46.3 Elements</p>
<p>SWOT Analysis enterprise as a whole to a division, a business unit, a project, or even an individual. By performing SWOT in a disciplined way, stakeholders can have a clearer understanding of the impact of an existing set of conditions on a future set of conditions.</p>
<p>A SWOT analysis can be used to: • evaluate an organization's current environment, • share information learned with stakeholders, • identify the best possible options to meet an organization’s needs, • identify potential barriers to success and create action plans to overcome barriers, • adjust and redefine plans throughout a project as new needs arise, • identify areas of strength that will assist an organization in implementing new strategies, • develop criteria for evaluating project success based on a given set of requirements, • identify areas of weakness that could undermine project goals, and • develop strategies to address outstanding threats.</p>
<p><strong>10.46.3</strong></p>
<h3 id="elements">Elements</h3>
<h2 id="swot-is-an-acronym-for-strengths-weaknesses-opportunities-and-threats">SWOT is an acronym for Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, and Threats:</h2>
<p>experienced personnel, effective processes, IT systems, customer relationships, or any other internal factor that leads to success. or not at all. able to take advantage. May include new markets, new technology, changes in the competitive marketplace, or other forces.</p>
<p>They may include factors such as the entrance into the market of a new competitor, economic downturns, or other forces.</p>
<p>Beginning a SWOT analysis with opportunities and threats sets the context to identify strengths and weaknesses.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-354">354</p>
</section></body>
</html>