<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>COTS: See</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_454">
<p>commercial off-the-shelf (COTS): A prepackaged solution available in the marketplace which address all or most of the common needs of a large group of buyers of those solutions. A commercial off-the-shelf solution may require some configuration to meet the specific needs of the enterprise. competitive analysis: A structured assessment which captures the key characteristics of an industry to predict the long-term profitability prospects and to determine the practices of the most significant competitors. component: A uniquely identifiable element of a larger whole that fulfills a clear function. concept model: An analysis model that develops the meaning of core concepts for a problem domain, defines their collective structure, and specifies the appropriate vocabulary needed to communicate about it consistently. constraint (business analysis): An influencing factor that cannot be changed, and that places a limit or restriction on a possible solution or solution option. context: The circumstances that influence, are influenced by, and provide understanding of the change. core concept (business analysis): One of six ideas that are fundamental to the practice of business analysis: Change, Need, Solution, Context, Stakeholder, and Value. cost-benefit analysis: An analysis which compares and quantifies the financial and non-financial costs of making a change or implementing a solution compared to the benefits gained.</p>
<h3 id="cots-see">COTS: See</h3>
<p>create, read, update, and delete matrix (CRUD matrix): A two-dimensional matrix showing which user roles have permission to access specific information entities, and to create new records in those entities, view the data in existing records, update or modify the data in existing records, or delete existing records. The same type of matrix can be used to show which processes, instead of users, have the create, read, update and delete rights.</p>
<h3 id="crud-matrix-see">CRUD matrix: See</h3>
<p>customer: A stakeholder who uses or may use products or services produced by the enterprise and may have contractual or moral rights that the enterprise is obliged to meet. <strong>d</strong> decision analysis: An approach to decision making that examines and models the possible consequences of different decisions, and assists in making an optimal decision under conditions of uncertainty. decomposition: A technique that subdivides a problem into its component parts in order to facilitate analysis and understanding of those components. defect: A deficiency in a product or service that reduces its quality or varies from a desired attribute, state, or functionality.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-444">444</p>
</section></body>
</html>