<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>VSM: See</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_466">
<p>verified requirement: A requirement that has been reviewed and is determined to be defined correctly, adheres to standards or guidelines, and is at an acceptable level of detail. vertical prototype: A prototype that is used to drill down into a proposed solution to uncover requirement and design considerations through multiple layers of a solution that are not easily understood or that are not discernible on the surface. It may include interaction between several solution components. viewpoint: A set of conventions that define how requirements will be represented, how these representations will be organized, and how they will be related.</p>
<h3 id="vsm-see">VSM: See</h3>
<p><strong>w</strong> walkthrough: A review in which participants step through an artifact or set of artifacts with the intention of validating the requirements or designs, and to identify requirements or design errors, inconsistencies, omissions, inaccuracies, or conflicts.</p>
<h3 id="wbs-see">WBS: See</h3>
<p>work breakdown structure (WBS): A deliverable-oriented hierarchical decomposition of the work to be executed to accomplish objectives and create the required deliverables. It organizes and defines the total scope of the project. work product (business analysis): A document or collection of notes or diagrams used by the business analyst during the requirements development process.</p>
<p>Workshop: A facilitated and focused event attended by key stakeholders for the purpose of achieving a defined goal.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-456">456</p>
</section></body>
</html>