<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>The Core Concept Model in Business Analysis</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_032">
<p>managing and monitoring how business analysis work is performed to ensure that commitments are met and continuous learning and improvement opportunities are realized.</p>
<h2 id="the-core-concept-model-in-business-analysis">The Core Concept Model in Business Analysis</h2>
<h2 id="planning-and-monitoring">Planning and Monitoring</h2>
<h3 id="the">The</h3>
<p>relationships among the six core concepts. The following table describes the usage and application of each of the core concepts within the context of Business</p>
<h3 id="analysis-planning-and-monitoring">Analysis Planning and Monitoring.</h3>
<h2 id="table-301-the-core-concept-model-in-business-analysis-planning-and">Table 3.0.1: The Core Concept Model in Business Analysis Planning and</h2>
<h2 id="monitoring">Monitoring</h2>
<h2 id="core-concept">Core Concept</h2>
<h3 id="during-business-analysis-planning-and">During Business Analysis Planning and</h3>
<p><strong>Monitoring, business analysts...</strong></p>
<h3 id="change">Change</h3>
<p>transformation in response to a need. are responsible for determining how changes to business analysis results will be requested and authorized.</p>
<p><strong>Need</strong> to be addressed. choose a business analysis approach that provides adequate analysis for the change.</p>
<h3 id="solution">Solution</h3>
<p>satisfying one or more needs in a context. evaluate if business analysis performance was a key contributor to the successful implementation of a solution.</p>
<h3 id="stakeholder">Stakeholder</h3>
<p>individual with a relationship to the change, the need, or the solution. perform a stakeholder analysis to ensure planning and monitoring activities reflect stakeholder needs and account for stakeholder characteristics.</p>
<h3 id="value">Value</h3>
<p>usefulness of something to a stakeholder within a context. conduct performance analysis to ensure business analysis activities continue to produce sufficient value for the stakeholders.</p>
<h3 id="context">Context</h3>
<p>influence, are influenced by, and provide understanding of the change. ensure a complete understanding of the context under analysis in order to develop an efficient business analysis approach.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-22">22</p>
</section></body>
</html>