<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>N/A</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_496">
<p>5.3 Prioritize Requirements</p>
<p>Moved from 6.1 Prioritize Requirements (v2.0)</p>
<h3 id="na">N/A</h3>
<p>5.5 Approve Requirements New task which includes the concepts from the v2 Elements Conflict and</p>
<h2 id="issue-management-presenting">Issue Management, Presenting</h2>
<h2 id="requirements-for-review-and">Requirements for Review and</h2>
<h2 id="approval-from-the-v2-task-manage">Approval from the v2 Task Manage</h2>
<h3 id="solution-scope-and-requirements">Solution Scope and Requirements.</h3>
<p><strong>Enterprise Analysis (Version 2.0 name)</strong> <strong>Strategy Analysis (Version 3 name)</strong> This knowledge area has taken on a new name and expanded purpose.</p>
<p>Enterprise Analysis focused on the upfront work the business analyst conducted at the start of a project. Strategy Analysis is broader and includes the work the business analyst conducts to understand the current state of the business, to define the desired future state, to develop a change strategy to achieve the desired business outcomes and to assess the risks inherent in the change strategy.</p>
<p>2.0 Task: Enterprise Analysis 3.0 Task: Strategy Analysis 5.1 Define Business Need 6.1 Analyze Current State, 6.2 Define</p>
<h2 id="future-state">Future State</h2>
<h3 id="business-problem-or-opportunity-is">Business Problem or Opportunity is</h3>
<p>addressed in 6.1 Analyze Current</p>
<h3 id="state-business-goals-and-objectives">State. Business Goals and Objectives</h3>
<p>and Desired Outcome are addressed in 6.2 Define Future State.</p>
<p>5.2 Assess Capability Gaps 6.1 Analyze Current State, 6.2 Define</p>
<h2 id="future-state-64-define-change">Future State, 6.4 Define Change</h2>
<h2 id="strategy">Strategy</h2>
<h3 id="current-capability-analysis-is">Current Capability Analysis is</h3>
<p>addressed in 6.1 Analyze Current</p>
<h2 id="state-assessment-of-new-capability">State. Assessment of New Capability</h2>
<h3 id="requirements-and-assumptions-are">Requirements and Assumptions are</h3>
<p>addressed in 6.2 Define Future State.</p>
<h3 id="define-change-strategy-includes-a">Define Change Strategy includes a</h3>
<p>Gap Analysis which was not explicitly identified in 5.2 Assess Capability Gaps but was the intent of the task.</p>
<p>5.3 Determine Solution Approach 6.2 Define Future State, 7.5 Define</p>
<h2 id="design-options-v3-requirements">Design Options (v3 Requirements</h2>
<h3 id="analysis-and-design-definition">Analysis and Design Definition</h3>
<p>knowledge area), 7.6 Analyze</p>
<h2 id="potential-value-and-recommend">Potential Value and Recommend</h2>
<h3 id="solution-v3-requirements-analysis">Solution (v3 Requirements Analysis</h3>
<p>and Design Definition knowledge area)</p>
<h2 id="alternative-generation-and">Alternative Generation and</h2>
<h3 id="assumptions-and-constraints-are">Assumptions and Constraints are</h3>
<p>addressed in 6.2 Define Future State.</p>
<h3 id="ranking-and-selection-of-approaches">Ranking and Selection of Approaches</h3>
<p>is addressed in 7.5 Define Design</p>
<h2 id="options-and-76-analyze-potential">Options and 7.6 Analyze Potential</h2>
<h3 id="value-and-recommend-solution">Value and Recommend Solution.</h3>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-486">486</p>
</section></body>
</html>