<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Business Analysis Scope</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_381">
<p>11.1.2 Business Analysis Scope • The business problem can be reduced to a set of needs that can be met using some combination of technology and business process change.</p>
<p>• Agile initiatives have fully engaged customers and empowered SMEs with complete buy-in to the agile approach.</p>
<p>• Ideally, team membership is constant and members are not continually being moved to other teams.</p>
<p>• There is a preference for multidisciplinary and co-located teams encouraging more efficient and effective face-to-face conversation.</p>
<p>However, agile approaches can work well with distributed teams provided appropriate support and communication channels are in place.</p>
<p>• Team members may perform more than one role within the team if it is required, and provided that the team has the appropriate skills (for example, cross-functional teams).</p>
<p>• Team members have a mindset for continuous improvement and successful value delivery through regular inspection.</p>
<p>• Agile teams are empowered and self-organizing.</p>
<p><strong>11.1.2</strong></p>
<h2 id="business-analysis-scope">Business Analysis Scope</h2>
<h3 id="1-change-sponsor">.1 Change Sponsor</h3>
<p>It is important that a sponsor of an agile initiative be familiar with the agile philosophy, mindset, and approaches, and also be open to the constant feedback that will require trade-offs from the stakeholders.</p>
<p>An agile sponsor understands and accepts the: • use of adaptive planning over predictive planning, • use and value of a fixed period of time for a work cycle, and • need and value of the sponsor’s involvement.</p>
<p>The sponsor’s (or empowered SME's) active involvement with the agile team is critical to providing the sponsor with the ability to preview and understand the product being developed, as well as allowing an opportunity for the sponsor to provide continuous feedback to the team and adjust the product as needs change.</p>
<h3 id="2-change-targets-and-agents">.2 Change Targets and Agents</h3>
<p>Agile approaches are most successful when the organizational culture and working environments lend themselves to intensive collaboration, frequent communication, and a strong disposition towards incremental delivery of appropriate solution value.</p>
<p>Agile teams are frequently either small or around teams of small teams. The simpler and flatter structure doesn’t change the fact that the deliverables may affect a large group of stakeholders. The change agent, also considered a</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-371">371</p>
</section></body>
</html>