<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>OLAP: See</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_458">
<p>life cycle: A series of changes an item or object undergoes from inception to retirement <strong>m</strong> matrix: A textual form of modelling used to represent information that can be categorized, cross-referenced, and represented in a table format. metadata: A description of data to help understand how to use that data, either in terms of the structure and specification of the data, or the description of a specific instance of an object. methodology: A body of methods, techniques, procedures, working concepts, and rules used to solve a problem metric: A quantifiable level of an indicator measured at a specified point in time. mission statement: A formal declaration of values and goals that expresses the core purpose of the enterprise. model: A representation and simplification of reality developed to convey information to a specific audience to support analysis, communication, and understanding. monitoring: Collecting data on a continuous basis from a solution in order to determine how well a solution is implemented compared to expected results. See also <strong>n</strong> need: A problem or opportunity to be addressed. non-functional requirement: A type of requirement that describes the performance or quality attributes a solution must meet. Non-functional requirements are usually measurable and act as constraints on the design of a solution as a whole. <strong>o</strong> objective: See observation (business analysis): Studying and analyzing one or more stakeholders in their work environment in order to elicit requirements.</p>
<h3 id="olap-see">OLAP: See</h3>
<p>online analytical processing (OLAP): A business intelligence approach that allows users to analyze large amounts of data from different points of view. operational support: A stakeholder who is responsible for the day-to-day management and maintenance of a system or product. operative rule: See organization: An autonomous group of people under the management of a single individual or board, that works towards common goals and objectives.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-448">448</p>
</section></body>
</html>