<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.3 Process</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_262">
<p>Data Flow Diagrams</p>
<p><strong>.2 Data Store</strong> A data store is a collection of data where data may be read repeatedly and where it can be stored for future use. In essence, it is data at rest. Each data store must have at least one data flow going to or coming from it. A data store is represented as either two parallel lines or as an open-ended rectangle with a label.</p>
<h3 id="3-process">.3 Process</h3>
<p>A process can be a manual or automated activity performed for a business reason. A process transforms the data into an output. Naming standards for a process should contain a verb and a noun. Each process must have at least one data flow going to it and one data flow coming from it. A data process is represented as a circle or rectangle with rounded corners.</p>
<h3 id="4-data-flow">.4 Data Flow</h3>
<p>The movement of data between an external, a process, and a data store is represented by data flows. The data flows hold processes together. Every data flow will connect to or from a process (transformation of the data). Data flows show the inputs and outputs of each process. Every process transforms an input into an output. Data flows are represented as a line with an arrow displayed between processes. The data flow is named using a noun.</p>
<h2 id="figure-10133-data-flow-diagram-gane-sarson-notation">Figure 10.13.3: Data Flow Diagram Gane-Sarson Notation</h2>
<h2 id="input-data-from">Input Data from</h2>
<h2 id="output-data-from">Output Data from</h2>
<h2 id="process-1">Process 1</h2>
<h3 id="process-2">Process 2</h3>
<p>parent diagram (System Input 1) parent diagram (System Output 1)</p>
<h2 id="verbnoun">Verb/Noun</h2>
<h2 id="phrase-naming">Phrase Naming</h2>
<h2 id="verbnoun">Verb/Noun</h2>
<h2 id="phrase-naming">Phrase Naming</h2>
<h2 id="input-data">Input Data</h2>
<h2 id="output-data">Output Data</h2>
<h3 id="data-store">Data Store</h3>
<h2 id="figure-10134-data-flow-diagram-yourdon-notation">Figure 10.13.4: Data Flow Diagram Yourdon Notation</h2>
<h2 id="data">Data</h2>
<h2 id="external">External</h2>
<h2 id="agent">Agent</h2>
<h2 id="data-process">Data Process</h2>
<h2 id="output">Output</h2>
<h2 id="input">Input</h2>
<h2 id="data-store">Data Store</h2>
<h3 id="data">Data</h3>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-252">252</p>
</section></body>
</html>