<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Description</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_155">
<p>7.3.2 Description designs align to the business requirements and support the delivery of needed value.</p>
<p><strong>7.3.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Requirements validation is an ongoing process to ensure that stakeholder, solution, and transition requirements align to the business requirements and that the designs satisfy the requirements.</p>
<p>Understanding what the desired future state looks like for stakeholders after their needs have been met is valuable to business analysts when validating requirements. The overall goal of implementing the requirements is to achieve the stakeholders' desired future state. In many cases, stakeholders have different, conflicting needs and expectations that may be exposed through the validation process.</p>
<p><strong>7.3.3</strong></p>
<h3 id="inputs">Inputs</h3>
<p><strong>• Requirements (specified and modelled)</strong> designs can be validated. Validation activities may begin before requirements are completely verified. However, validation activities cannot be completed before requirements are completely verified.</p>
<h2 id="figure-731-validate-requirements-inputoutput-diagram">Figure 7.3.1: Validate Requirements Input/Output Diagram</h2>
<h3 id="input">Input</h3>
<p><strong>7.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="requirements">Requirements</h3>
<p><strong>(specified and </strong></p>
<h3 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h3>
<p><strong>modelled)</strong></p>
<h2 id="business-objectives">Business Objectives</h2>
<h3 id="future-state-description">Future State Description</h3>
<p><strong>7.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="potential-value">Potential Value</h2>
<h2 id="output">Output</h2>
<h3 id="solution-scope">Solution Scope</h3>
<p><strong>7.3</strong></p>
<h3 id="requirements">Requirements</h3>
<p><strong>(validated)</strong></p>
<h3 id="tasks-using-this-output">Tasks Using This Output</h3>
<p><strong>7.5</strong></p>
<h3 id="define-design">Define Design</h3>
<p><strong>8.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="measure-solution">Measure Solution</h3>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-145">145</p>
</section></body>
</html>