<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_178">
<p>8.1.4 Elements <strong>8.1.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-define-solution-performance-measures">.1 Define Solution Performance Measures</h3>
<p>When measuring solution performance, business analysts determine if current measures exist, or if methods for capturing them are in place. Business analysts ensure that any existing performance measures are accurate, relevant and elicit any additional performance measures identified by stakeholders.</p>
<p>Business goals, objectives, and business processes are common sources of measures. Performance measures may be influenced or imposed by third parties such as solution vendors, government bodies, or other regulatory organizations.</p>
<p>The type and nature of the measurements are considered when choosing the elicitation method. Solution performance measures may be quantitative, qualitative, or both, depending on the value being measured. involving amounts, quantities, or rates. perceptions, and any other subjective response. Customers, users, and others involved in the operation of a solution have perceptions of how well the solution is meeting the need.</p>
<h3 id="2-validate-performance-measures">.2 Validate Performance Measures</h3>
<p>Validating performance measures helps to ensure that the assessment of solution performance is useful. Business analysts validate the performance measures and any influencing criteria with stakeholders. Specific performance measures should align with any higher-level measures that exist within the context affecting the solution. Decisions about which measures are used to evaluate solution performance often reside with the sponsor, but may be made by any stakeholder with decision-making authority.</p>
<h3 id="3-collect-performance-measures">.3 Collect Performance Measures</h3>
<p>When defining performance measures, business analysts may employ basic statistical sampling concepts.</p>
<p>When collecting performance measures, business analysts consider: initiative is selected. A sample size that is too small might skew the results and lead to inaccurate conclusions. Larger sample sizes may be more desirable, but may not be practical to obtain. measurements are taken may have an effect on the outcome. representative than older data.</p>
<p>Using qualitative measures, business analysts can facilitate discussions to estimate the value realized by a solution. Stakeholders knowledgeable about the operation</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-168">168</p>
</section></body>
</html>