<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Figure 1.4.1: Relationships Between Knowledge Areas</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_015">
<p>1.4.3 Tasks address that need, and align the resulting strategy for the change with higher- and lower-level strategies. business analysts perform to structure and organize requirements discovered during elicitation activities, specify and model requirements and designs, validate and verify information, identify solution options that meet business needs, and estimate the potential value that could be realized for each solution option. This knowledge area covers the incremental and iterative activities ranging from the initial concept and exploration of the need through the transformation of those needs into a particular recommended solution. assess the performance of and value delivered by a solution in use by the enterprise, and to recommend removal of barriers or constraints that prevent the full realization of the value.</p>
<p>The following diagram shows a general relationship between the knowledge areas.</p>
<h2 id="figure-141-relationships-between-knowledge-areas">Figure 1.4.1: Relationships Between Knowledge Areas</h2>
<h2 id="business-analysis">Business Analysis</h2>
<h2 id="planning-and">Planning and</h2>
<h2 id="monitoring">Monitoring</h2>
<h2 id="requirements">Requirements</h2>
<h2 id="analysis-and-design">Analysis and Design</h2>
<h2 id="definition">Definition</h2>
<h2 id="elicitation-and">Elicitation and</h2>
<h2 id="requirements-life">Requirements Life</h2>
<h2 id="cycle-management">Cycle Management</h2>
<h3 id="collaboration">Collaboration</h3>
<p><strong>1.4.3</strong></p>
<h3 id="tasks">Tasks</h3>
<p>A task is a discrete piece of work that may be performed formally or informally as part of business analysis. The tasks. The definition of a given task is universally applicable to business analysis efforts, independent of the initiative type. A business analyst may perform other</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-5">5</p>
</section></body>
</html>