<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>chapter_453</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_453">
<p>business problem: An issue of strategic or tactical importance preventing an enterprise or organization from achieving its goals. business process: An end-to-end set of activities which collectively responds to an event, and transforms information, materials, and other resources into outputs that deliver value directly to the customers of the process. It may be internal to an organization, or it may span several organizations. business process management (BPM): A management discipline that determines how manual and automated processes are created, modified, cancelled, and governed. business process re-engineering: Rethinking and redesigning business processes to generate improvements in performance measures. business requirement: A representation of goals, objectives and outcomes that describe why a change has been initiated and how success will be assessed. business rule: A specific, practicable, testable directive that is under the control of the business and that serves as a criterion for guiding behaviour, shaping judgments, or making decisions. <strong>c</strong> capability: The set of activities the enterprise performs, the knowledge it has, the products and services it provides, the functions it supports, and the methods it uses to make decisions. cause-and-effect diagram: See change: The act of transformation in response to a need. change agent: One who is a catalyst for change. change control: Controlling changes to requirements and designs so that the impact of requested changes is understood and agreed-to before the changes are made. change management: Planned activities, tools, and techniques to address the human side of change during a change initiative, primarily addressing the needs of the people who will be most affected by the change. change strategy: A plan to move from the current state to the future state to achieve the desired business objectives. change team: A cross-functional group of individuals who are mandated to implement a change. This group may be comprised of product owners, business analysts, developers, project managers, implementation subject matter experts (SMEs), or any other individual with the relevant set of skills and competencies required to implement the change. checklist (business analysis): A standard set of quality elements that reviewers use for requirements verification. collaboration: The act of two or more people working together towards a common goal.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-443">443</p>
</section></body>
</html>