<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Root Cause Analysis (p. 335)</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_428">
<p>• Non-Functional Requirements</p>
<h3 id="root-cause-analysis-p-335">• Root Cause Analysis (p. 335)</h3>
<p>Analysis (p. 302)</p>
<h2 id="scope-modelling-p-338">• Scope Modelling (p. 338)</h2>
<h2 id="organizational-modelling-p-308">• Organizational Modelling (p. 308)</h2>
<h2 id="stakeholder-list-map-or-personas">• Stakeholder List, Map, or Personas</h2>
<h3 id="process-modelling-p-318">• Process Modelling (p. 318)</h3>
<p>(p. 344) • Reviews (p. 326)</p>
<h2 id="survey-or-questionnaire-p-350">• Survey or Questionnaire (p. 350)</h2>
<h2 id="risk-analysis-and-management">• Risk Analysis and Management</h2>
<h3 id="use-cases-and-scenarios-p-356">• Use Cases and Scenarios (p. 356)</h3>
<p>(p. 329)</p>
<h2 id="user-stories-p-359">• User Stories (p. 359)</h2>
<h3 id="roles-and-permissions-matrix">• Roles and Permissions Matrix</h3>
<p>(p. 333)</p>
<h2 id="other-business-analysis-techniques">Other Business Analysis Techniques</h2>
<h2 id="business-process-architecture">• Business Process Architecture</h2>
<h2 id="project-portfolio-analysis">• Project Portfolio Analysis</h2>
<h2 id="capability-map">• Capability Map</h2>
<h2 id="service-oriented-analysis">• Service-oriented Analysis</h2>
<h3 id="2-elicitation-and-collaboration">.2 Elicitation and Collaboration</h3>
<p>Business analysts working in the discipline of business architecture typically deal with a great deal of ambiguity and uncertainty. When undertaking Elicitation and Collaboration tasks, business analysts consider changes in organizational direction based on external and internal forces and changes in marketplace environment. The types of changes can frequently be predicted, but external market pressures frequently make the pace of the change unpredictable.</p>
<p>As business architecture requires many inputs from across the organization, access to (and the availability of) stakeholders is critical to success. Business analysts elicit inputs such as strategy, value, existing architectures, and performance metrics.</p>
<p>Advocacy for the organization's strategy is central to the communication strategy of business architects. As members of various steering committees and advisory groups, business architects utilize formal communication channels within projects, initiatives, and operational groups to communicate the organization's strategy, explain the organizational context, and advocate alignment with the strategy.</p>
<p>Ensuring stakeholders understand and support the organization's strategy is an essential function within the discipline of business architecture. Business architects may impose scope and constraints on a project or initiative as a means to ensure the activity aligns to the organization's strategy, which may be viewed unfavourably. It is the role of the business architect to bridge the needs and desires of individual stakeholders, projects, and operational groups with the context and understanding of the organizational goals and strategy. The business architect's goal is to optimize the enterprise's goals and strategy, and discourage activities that achieve a narrow goal at the cost of sub-optimizing the entire objective. This is an exercise in both elicitation and in collaboration.</p>
<p>The business architect acquires a deep understanding of the strategy, drivers, motivations, and aspirations of the organization and those of the stakeholders.</p>
<p>Once this level of understanding is achieved, the business architect collaborates</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-418">418</p>
</section></body>
</html>