<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Usage Considerations</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_246">
<p>10.7.4 Usage Considerations the performance and success of the solution after implementation and during operation.</p>
<p><strong>10.7.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• Provides an amalgamation of the complex facts, issues, and analysis required to make decisions regarding change.</p>
<p>• Provides a detailed financial analysis of cost and benefits.</p>
<p>• Provides guidance for ongoing decision making throughout the initiative.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• May be subject to the biases of authors.</p>
<p>• Frequently not updated once funding for the initiative is secured.</p>
<p>• Contains assumptions regarding costs and benefits that may prove invalid upon further investigation.</p>
<p><strong>10.8</strong> <strong>10.8.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>A business model canvas describes how an enterprise creates, delivers, and captures value for and from its customers.</p>
<p><strong>10.8.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>A business model canvas is comprised of nine building blocks that describe how an organization intends to deliver value:</p>
<h2 id="key-partnerships">• Key Partnerships,</h2>
<h2 id="channels">• Channels,</h2>
<h2 id="key-activities">• Key Activities,</h2>
<h2 id="customer-segments">• Customer Segments,</h2>
<h2 id="key-resources">• Key Resources,</h2>
<h2 id="cost-structure-and">• Cost Structure, and</h2>
<h2 id="value-proposition">• Value Proposition,</h2>
<h2 id="revenue-streams">• Revenue Streams.</h2>
<h3 id="customer-relationships">• Customer Relationships,</h3>
<p>These building blocks are arranged on a business canvas that shows the relationship between the organization's operations, finance, customers, and offerings. The business model canvas also serves as a blueprint for implementing a strategy.</p>
</section></body>
</html>