<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.5 Capabilities and Processes</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_125">
<p><strong>.4 Organizational Structure and Culture</strong> The formal and informal working relationships that exist within the enterprise may need to change to facilitate the desired future state. Changes to reporting lines can encourage teams to work more closely together and facilitate alignment of goals and objectives. Elements of the organizational structure and culture may need to change to support the future state. Describing the components of the future state provides insight into potential conflicts, impact, and limits.</p>
<h3 id="5-capabilities-and-processes">.5 Capabilities and Processes</h3>
<p>Identify new kinds of activities or changes in the way activities will be performed to realize the future state. New or changed capabilities and processes will be needed to deliver new products or services, to comply with new regulations, or to improve the performance of the enterprise.</p>
<h3 id="6-technology-and-infrastructure">.6 Technology and Infrastructure</h3>
<p>If current technology and infrastructure are insufficient to meet the business need, the business analyst identifies the changes necessary for the desired future state.</p>
<p>The existing technology may impose technical constraints on the design of the solution. These may include development languages, hardware and software platforms, and application software that must be used. Technical constraints may also describe restrictions such as resource utilization, message size and timing, software size, maximum number of and size of files, records, and data elements.</p>
<p>Technical constraints include any IT architecture standards that must be followed.</p>
<h3 id="7-policies">.7 Policies</h3>
<p>If current polices are insufficient to meet the business need, the business analyst identifies the changes necessary for the desired future state.</p>
<p>Policies are a common source of constraints on a solution or on the solution space. Business policies may mandate what solutions can be implemented given certain levels of approval, the process for obtaining approval, and the necessary criteria a proposed solution must meet in order to receive funding. In some instances, a change to an existing policy may open up alternative solutions that would not otherwise be considered.</p>
<h3 id="8-business-architecture">.8 Business Architecture</h3>
<p>The elements of any future state must effectively support one another and all contribute to meeting the business goals and objectives. In addition, they should be integrated into the overall desired future state of the enterprise as a whole, and support</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-115">115</p>
</section></body>
</html>