<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.4 Financial Dimension</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_235">
<p>10.3.4 Usage Considerations</p>
<p>Balanced Scorecard</p>
<h3 id="4-financial-dimension">.4 Financial Dimension</h3>
<p>The Financial dimension identifies what is financially necessary to realize the strategy. Examples of financial measures indicate profitability, revenue growth, and added economic value.</p>
<h3 id="5-measures-or-indicators">.5 Measures or Indicators</h3>
<p>There are two basic types of measures or indicators: lagging indicators that provide results of actions already taken and leading indicators that provide information about future performance.</p>
<p>Objectives tend to have lagging indicators, but using related leading indicators can provide more real-time performance information.</p>
<p><strong>10.3.4</strong></p>
<h3 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h3>
<p>In order for measures to be meaningful they should be quantitative, linked to strategy, and easily understood by all stakeholders. When defining measures, business analysts consider other relevant measures that are in place and ensure that any new or changed measures do not adversely impact any existing ones. At any time, any dimension of the balanced scorecard may be active, changing, and evolving. Each dimension affects and is affected by the others. The balanced scorecard allows the organization to establish monitoring and measuring of progress against objectives and to adapt strategy as needed.</p>
<p>Because scorecards are used to assess the performance of the enterprise or a business unit within the enterprise, changes to the measures can have wide reaching implications and must be clearly communicated and carefully managed.</p>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• Facilitates holistic and balanced planning and thinking.</p>
<p>• Short-, medium-, and long-term goals can be harmonized into programs with incremental success measures.</p>
<p>• Strategic, tactical, and operational teams are more easily aligned in their work.</p>
<p>• Encourages forward thinking and competitiveness.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• A lack of a clear strategy makes aligning the dimensions difficult.</p>
<p>• Can be seen as the single tool for strategic planning rather than just one tool to be used in a suite of strategic planning tools.</p>
<p>• Can be misinterpreted as a replacement for strategic planning, execution, and measurement.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-225">225</p>
</section></body>
</html>