<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.3 Relationship or Association</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_268">
<p>Attributes can include such values as: may be captured as aliases. expressed as an enumerated list or as a description of allowed formats for the data (including information such as the number of characters). If the values are abbreviated this will include an explanation of the meaning.</p>
<h3 id="3-relationship-or-association">.3 Relationship or Association</h3>
<p>The relationships between entities provide structure for the data model, specifically indicating which entities relate to which others and how.</p>
<p>Specifications for a relationship typically indicate the number of minimum and maximum occurrences allowed on each side of that relationship (for example, every customer is related to exactly one sales area, while a sales area may be related to zero, one, or many customers). The term cardinality is used to refer to the minimum and maximum number of occurrences to which an entity may be related. Typical cardinality values are zero, one, and many.</p>
<p>The relationship between two entities may be read in either direction, using this format: <em>Each occurrence (of this entity) is related to (minimum, maximum) (of this </em> <em>other entity).</em></p>
<p>In a class model, the term association is used instead of relationship and multiplicity is used instead of cardinality.</p>
<h3 id="4-diagrams">.4 Diagrams</h3>
<p>Both data models and class models may have one or more diagrams that show entities, attributes, and relationships.</p>
<p>The diagram in a data model is called an entity-relationship diagram (ERD). In a class model, the diagram is called a class diagram.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-258">258</p>
</section></body>
</html>