<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Balanced Scorecard (p. 223)</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_433">
<p>the important question of how well the business is performing.</p>
<p>To answer this question, several other questions must be answered: • What outcomes are the business, a particular initiative, or component expecting to achieve?</p>
<p>• How can those outcomes be measured in terms of SMART (Specific, Measurable, Achievable, Relevant, Time-bounded) objectives?</p>
<p>• What information is needed to measure those objectives?</p>
<p>• How do processes, services, initiatives, etc. need to be instrumented to collect that information?</p>
<p>• How is the performance information best presented in terms of reports, ad hoc queries, dashboards, etc.?</p>
<p>• How do we use this information to make investment decisions in the future?</p>
<p>For example, at a more detailed level, an important part of capability definition and process architecture is to identify the specific performance characteristics and outcome that those capabilities or processes are expected to achieve. The actual measurement is rarely conducted by business analysts. It is usually done by business owners, operational, or information technology managers.</p>
<p>Business analysts working in the discipline of business architecture analyze the results of measurements and factor these results into subsequent planning.</p>
<h2 id="balanced-scorecard-p-223">• Balanced Scorecard (p. 223)</h2>
<h2 id="organizational-modelling-p-308">• Organizational Modelling (p. 308)</h2>
<h2 id="benchmarking-and-market-analysis">• Benchmarking and Market Analysis</h2>
<h3 id="process-analysis-p-314">• Process Analysis (p. 314)</h3>
<p>(p. 226)</p>
<h3 id="process-modelling-p-318">• Process Modelling (p. 318)</h3>
<p>• Brainstorming (p. 227)</p>
<h2 id="risk-analysis-and-management">• Risk Analysis and Management</h2>
<h3 id="business-capability-analysis-p-230">• Business Capability Analysis (p. 230)</h3>
<p>(p. 329)</p>
<h2 id="collaborative-games-p-243">• Collaborative Games (p. 243)</h2>
<h3 id="roles-and-permissions-matrix">• Roles and Permissions Matrix</h3>
<p>(p. 333)</p>
<h2 id="focus-groups-p-279">• Focus Groups (p. 279)</h2>
<h2 id="root-cause-analysis-p-335">• Root Cause Analysis (p. 335)</h2>
<h2 id="item-tracking-p-294">• Item Tracking (p. 294)</h2>
<h2 id="stakeholder-list-map-or-personas">• Stakeholder List, Map, or Personas</h2>
<h3 id="lessons-learned-p-296">• Lessons Learned (p. 296)</h3>
<p>(p. 344)</p>
<h2 id="metrics-and-key-performance">• Metrics and Key Performance</h2>
<h3 id="survey-or-questionnaire-p-350">• Survey or Questionnaire (p. 350)</h3>
<p>Indicators (KPIs) (p. 297) • Observation (p. 305)</p>
<h2 id="swot-analysis-p-353">• SWOT Analysis (p. 353)</h2>
<h2 id="other-business-analysis-techniques">Other Business Analysis Techniques</h2>
<h2 id="business-motivation-modelling">• Business Motivation Modelling</h2>
<h2 id="customer-journey-map">• Customer Journey Map</h2>
<h2 id="business-process-architecture">• Business Process Architecture</h2>
<h2 id="service-oriented-analysis">• Service-oriented Analysis</h2>
<h2 id="capability-map">• Capability Map</h2>
<h3 id="value-mapping">• Value Mapping</h3>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-423">423</p>
</section></body>
</html>