<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Guidelines and Tools</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_170">
<p>7.6.5 Guidelines and Tools reasons for re-evaluation include better understanding of the cost to implement each component and to determine which allocations have the best cost-to-benefit ratio.</p>
<p>As costs and effort are understood for each solution component, business analysts assess each design option to ensure that it represents the most effective trade-offs. There are several factors to take into consideration: requirements that can be implemented based on the allocated resources. In some instances, a business case can be developed to justify additional investment. decisions may require that certain requirements be handled manually or automatically, or that certain requirements be prioritized above all others. themselves provide limited value to the organization, but need to be delivered in order to support other high-value requirements.</p>
<p>Other considerations may include relationships with proposed vendors, dependencies on other initiatives, corporate culture, and sufficient cash flow for investment.</p>
<p>Business analysts recommend the option or options deemed to be the most valuable solution to address the need. It is possible that none of the design options are worthwhile and the best recommendation is to do nothing.</p>
<p><strong>7.6.5</strong></p>
<h2 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h2>
<h2 id="business-objectives">• Business Objectives</h2>
<h3 id="current-state-description">• Current State Description</h3>
<p>to be completed. It can be used to identify and help quantify the value to be delivered from a potential solution.</p>
<h3 id="future-state-description">• Future State Description</h3>
<p>will be part of in order to ensure the design options are appropriate.</p>
<h3 id="risk-analysis-results">• Risk Analysis Results</h3>
<p>assessment of the level of risk associated with the design options or initiative.</p>
<h3 id="solution-scope">• Solution Scope</h3>
<p>that a relevant evaluation can be made that is within the scope boundaries.</p>
<p><strong>7.6.6</strong></p>
<h3 id="acceptance-and-evaluation-criteria">• Acceptance and Evaluation Criteria</h3>
<p>form of acceptance criteria to make them most useful when assessing proposed solutions and determining whether a solution meets the defined business needs.</p>
<h3 id="backlog-management">• Backlog Management</h3>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-160">160</p>
</section></body>
</html>