<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 Capture Elicitation Outcomes</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_073">
<p>4.2.5 Guidelines and Tools • who will use the information, and • how the information will be used.</p>
<p>While most of these are considered when planning for the elicitation activity (see Prepare for Elicitation (p. 56)), they are also all important while performing the elicitation activity in order to keep it on track and achieve its goal. For example, stakeholders might have discussions that are out of scope for the activity or change, and the business analyst needs to recognize that in the moment to determine the next step; either acknowledge it and continue, or guide the conversation differently.</p>
<p>The business analyst also uses this information to determine when there has been sufficient elicitation, in order to stop the activity.</p>
<h3 id="2-capture-elicitation-outcomes">.2 Capture Elicitation Outcomes</h3>
<p>Conducting elicitation is frequently iterative and takes place in a series of sessions—in parallel or in sequence—according to the scope of the elicitation activity (see Prepare for Elicitation (p. 56)). If the elicitation activity is unplanned, outcomes are captured and integrated into the appropriate planned outcomes.</p>
<p>Capturing the elicitation outcomes helps to ensure that the information produced during elicitation activities is recorded for later reference and use.</p>
<p><strong>4.2.5</strong></p>
<h2 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h2>
<h3 id="business-analysis-approach">• Business Analysis Approach</h3>
<p>performed, as it identifies the types of outputs that will be needed based on the approach.</p>
<h3 id="existing-business-analysis-information">• Existing Business Analysis Information</h3>
<p>during elicitation and the approach used to draw out information from various stakeholders.</p>
<h3 id="stakeholder-engagement-approach">• Stakeholder Engagement Approach</h3>
<p>communication approaches that might be effective during elicitation.</p>
<h3 id="supporting-materials">• Supporting Materials</h3>
<p>analyst and participants before elicitation, as well as any information, tools, or equipment to be used during the elicitation.</p>
<p><strong>4.2.6</strong></p>
<h3 id="benchmarking-and-market-analysis">• Benchmarking and Market Analysis</h3>
<p>information by comparing a specific process, system, product, service, or structure with some external baseline, such as a similar organization or baseline provided by an industry association. Market analysis is used to determine what customers want and what competitors provide.</p>
<h3 id="brainstorming">• Brainstorming</h3>
<p>short period, and to organize and prioritize those ideas.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-63">63</p>
</section></body>
</html>