<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>chapter_456</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_456">
<p>event (business analysis): An occurrence or incident to which an organizational unit, system, or process must respond. evolutionary prototype: A prototype that is continuously modified and updated in response to feedback from stakeholders. experiment: Elicitation performed in a controlled manner to make a discovery, test a hypothesis, or demonstrate a known fact. external interface: An interaction that is outside the proposed solution. It can be another hardware system, software system, or a human interaction with which the proposed solution will interact. <strong>f</strong> facilitation: The art of leading and encouraging people through systematic efforts toward agreed-upon objectives in a manner that enhances involvement, collaboration, productivity, and synergy. feasibility study: An evaluation of proposed alternatives to determine if they are technically, organizationally, and economically possible within the constraints of the enterprise, and whether they will deliver the desired benefits to the enterprise. feature: A distinguishing characteristic of a solution that implements a cohesive set of requirements and which delivers value for a set of stakeholders. fishbone diagram: A diagramming technique used in root cause analysis to identify underlying causes of an observed problem, and the relationships that exist between those causes. Also known as an Ishikawa or cause-and-effect diagram. focus group: A group formed to to elicit ideas and attitudes about a specific product, service, or opportunity in an interactive group environment. The participants share their impressions, preferences, and needs, guided by a moderator. force field analysis: A graphical method for depicting the forces that support and oppose a change. Involves identifying the forces, depicting them on opposite sides of a line (supporting and opposing forces) and then estimating the strength of each set of forces. functional requirement: A capability that a solution must have in terms of the behaviour and information the solution will manage. <strong>g</strong> gap analysis: A comparison of the current state and desired future state of an enterprise in order to identify differences that need to be addressed. goal: See governance process (change): A process by which appropriate decision makers use relevant information to make decisions regarding a change or solution, including the means for obtaining approvals and priorities.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-446">446</p>
</section></body>
</html>