<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Business Rules Analysis</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_074">
<p>4.2.7 Stakeholders</p>
<h3 id="business-rules-analysis">• Business Rules Analysis</h3>
<p>organization and that define, constrain, or enable organizational operations.</p>
<h3 id="collaborative-games">• Collaborative Games</h3>
<p>to stimulate creative solutions.</p>
<h3 id="concept-modelling">• Concept Modelling</h3>
<p>define the relationships between them.</p>
<h2 id="data-mining">• Data Mining</h2>
<h2 id="data-modelling">• Data Modelling</h2>
<h3 id="document-analysis">• Document Analysis</h3>
<p>procedures and policies, standards, and regulations.</p>
<h3 id="focus-groups">• Focus Groups</h3>
<p>group.</p>
<h3 id="interface-analysis">• Interface Analysis</h3>
<p>that interaction, between two entities, such as two systems, two organizations, or two people or roles.</p>
<h3 id="interviews">• Interviews</h3>
<p>problems, or discover opportunities.</p>
<h3 id="mind-mapping">• Mind Mapping</h3>
<p>a short period, and to organize and prioritize those ideas.</p>
<h3 id="observation">• Observation</h3>
<p>in different locations and in different circumstances.</p>
<h3 id="process-analysis">• Process Analysis</h3>
<p>opportunities for improvement in those processes.</p>
<h3 id="process-modelling">• Process Modelling</h3>
<p>activities.</p>
<h3 id="prototyping">• Prototyping</h3>
<p>iterative process that creates a model of requirements or designs.</p>
<h3 id="survey-or-questionnaire">• Survey or Questionnaire</h3>
<p>including information about customers, products, work practices, and attitudes, from a group of people in a structured way and in a relatively short period of time.</p>
<h3 id="workshops">• Workshops</h3>
<p>about customers, products, work practices, and attitudes, from a group of people in a collaborative, facilitated way.</p>
<p><strong>4.2.7</strong></p>
<h2 id="stakeholders">Stakeholders</h2>
<h3 id="customer">• Customer</h3>
<p>elicitation.</p>
<h3 id="domain-subject-matter-expert">• Domain Subject Matter Expert</h3>
<p>and can provide the required business analysis information. Often guides and</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-64">64</p>
</section></body>
</html>