<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 Limitations</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_371">
<p>10.49 Vendor Assessment</p>
<p>Vendor Assessment • Focuses on value to stakeholders.</p>
<p>• A shared understanding of the business domain is enhanced through collaboration on defining and exploring user stories.</p>
<p>• Tied to small, implementable, and testable slices of functionality, which facilitates rapid delivery and frequent customer feedback.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>In general, user stories are intended as a tool for short-term capture and prioritization of requirements and not for long-term knowledge retention or to provide a detailed analysis. Neglecting this principle can lead to the following issues: • This conversational approach can challenge the team since they do not have all the answers and detailed specifications upfront.</p>
<p>• Requires context and visibility; the team can lose sight of the big picture if stories are not traced back through validation or supplemented with higher-level analysis and visual artifacts.</p>
<p>• May not provide enough documentation to meet the need for governance, a baseline for future work, or stakeholder expectations. Additional documentation may be required.</p>
<p><strong>10.49</strong></p>
<h3 id="vendor-assessment">Vendor Assessment</h3>
<p><strong>10.49.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>A vendor assessment assesses the ability of a vendor to meet commitments regarding the delivery and the consistent provision of a product or service.</p>
<p><strong>10.49.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>When solutions are in part provided by external vendors (who may be involved in design, construction, implementation, or maintenance of the solution or solution components), or when the solution is outsourced, there may be specific requirements in regard to the involvement of a third party. There may be a need to ensure that the supplier is financially secure, capable of maintaining specific staffing levels, compliant with standards, and able to commit appropriate skilled staff to support the solution. Non-functional requirements can be used to define the service levels expected of a third party, due diligence may be conducted, or certification from an independent authority may be requested.</p>
<p>A vendor assessment is conducted to ensure that the vendor is reliable and that the product and service meet the organization's expectations and requirements.</p>
<p>The assessment may be formal through the submission of a Request for</p>
<h3 id="information-rfi-request-for-quote-rfq-request-for-tender-rft-or-request">Information (RFI), Request for Quote (RFQ), Request for Tender (RFT), or Request</h3>
<p>for Proposal (RFP). It may also be very informal through word of mouth and recommendations. The standards of the organization, the complexity of the</p>
</section></body>
</html>