<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Usage Considerations</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_300">
<p>10.24.4 Usage Considerations <strong>10.24.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• By engaging in interface analysis early on, increased functional coverage is provided.</p>
<p>• Clear specification of the interfaces provides a structured means of allocating requirements, business rules, and constraints to the solution.</p>
<p>• Due to its broad application, it avoids over analysis of fine detail.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• Does not provide insight into other aspects of the solution since the analysis does not assess the internal components.</p>
<p><strong>10.25</strong> <strong>10.25.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>An interview is a systematic approach designed to elicit business analysis information from a person or group of people by talking to the interviewee(s), asking relevant questions, and documenting the responses. The interview can also be used for establishing relationships and building trust between business analysts and stakeholders in order to increase stakeholder involvement or build support for a proposed solution.</p>
<p><strong>10.25.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>The interview is a common technique for eliciting requirements. It involves direct communication with individuals or groups of people who are part of an initiative.</p>
<p>In an interview, the interviewer directs questions to stakeholders in order to obtain information. One-on-one interviews are the most common. In a group interview (with more than one interviewee in attendance), the interviewer is careful to elicit responses from each participant.</p>
<p>There are two basic types of interviews used to elicit business analysis information: questions. predetermined format or order of questions. Questions may vary based on interviewee responses and interactions.</p>
<p>In practice, business analysts may use a combination of the two types by adding, dropping, and varying the order of questions as needed.</p>
</section></body>
</html>