<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 Communicate Business Analysis Package</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_080">
<p>4.4.5 Guidelines and Tools</p>
<h3 id="2-communicate-business-analysis-package">.2 Communicate Business Analysis Package</h3>
<p>The purpose of communicating the business analysis package is to provide stakeholders with the appropriate level of detail about the change so they can understand the information it contains. Stakeholders are given the opportunity to review the package, ask questions about the information, and raise any concerns they may have.</p>
<p>Selecting the appropriate communication platform is also important. Common communication platforms include: relevant stakeholders at the same time. It allows immediate discussion about the information and related issues. stakeholder at a time. It can be used to gain individual understanding of the information when a group setting is not feasible, most productive, or going to yield the best results. when there is a high maturity level of information that will need little or no verbal explanation to support it.</p>
<p><strong>4.4.5</strong></p>
<h2 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h2>
<h3 id="business-analysis-approach">• Business Analysis Approach</h3>
<p>will be disseminated rather than what will be disseminated. It describes the level of detail and formality required, frequency of the communications, and how communications could be affected by the number and geographic dispersion of stakeholders.</p>
<h3 id="information-management-approach">• Information Management Approach</h3>
<p>information will be packaged and communicated to stakeholders.</p>
<p><strong>4.4.6</strong></p>
<h2 id="interviews">• Interviews</h2>
<h3 id="reviews">• Reviews</h3>
<p>feedback, request required adjustments, understand required responses and actions, and agree or provide approvals. Reviews can be used during group or individual collaboration.</p>
<h3 id="workshops">• Workshops</h3>
<p>feedback and to understand required adjustments, responses, and actions. They are also useful for gaining consensus and providing approvals. Typically used during group collaboration.</p>
<p><strong>4.4.7</strong></p>
<h2 id="stakeholders">Stakeholders</h2>
<h3 id="end-user">• End User</h3>
<p>relevant business analysis information.</p>
<h3 id="customer">• Customer</h3>
<p>relevant business analysis information.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-70">70</p>
</section></body>
</html>