<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Collaborative Games (p. 243)</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_413">
<p>releases, and A/B testing.</p>
<p>Information technology changes can be seen as a distraction or cost by business stakeholders if the change is not perceived as mission critical or if the stakeholder is experiencing negative value from the change. This can make engagement for elicitation challenging. Elicitation across organizational boundaries may be impeded, causing collaboration breakdowns and rework. IT business analysts can decrease the risk of rework by engaging information technology and business resources in collaboration activities.</p>
<p>• Brainstorming (p. 227) • Prototyping (p. 323)</p>
<h2 id="collaborative-games-p-243">• Collaborative Games (p. 243)</h2>
<h2 id="scope-modelling-p-338">• Scope Modelling (p. 338)</h2>
<h2 id="document-analysis-p-269">• Document Analysis (p. 269)</h2>
<h2 id="sequence-diagrams-p-341">• Sequence Diagrams (p. 341)</h2>
<h2 id="focus-groups-p-279">• Focus Groups (p. 279)</h2>
<h3 id="stakeholder-list-map-or-personas">• Stakeholder List, Map, or Personas</h3>
<p>(p. 344)</p>
<h2 id="interface-analysis-p-287">• Interface Analysis (p. 287)</h2>
<h3 id="state-modelling-p-348">• State Modelling (p. 348)</h3>
<p>• Interviews (p. 290)</p>
<h3 id="survey-or-questionnaire-p-350">• Survey or Questionnaire (p. 350)</h3>
<p>• Observation (p. 305)</p>
<h2 id="use-cases-and-scenarios-p-356">• Use Cases and Scenarios (p. 356)</h2>
<h3 id="process-modelling-p-318">• Process Modelling (p. 318)</h3>
<p>• Workshops (p. 363)</p>
<h3 id="3-requirements-life-cycle-management">.3 Requirements Life Cycle Management</h3>
<p>IT initiatives frequently experience major discoveries while creating the change. It is through exploration that the business analysts discover the implications of the new functionality provided by the solution. This sense of discovery in IT environments has led to the adaptation of short cycle times (agile and continuous improvement), rigorous change control (Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI) and predictive), and externalized information technology (Software as a Service (SaaS) and cloud services).</p>
<p>Business analysts working in IT pay particular attention to alignment, approval, change control, traceability, and requirements life cycle management tools. It is the role of the business analyst to work with stakeholders to develop a consistent method for reviewing evolving requirements to ensure alignment with the business objectives for the initiative.</p>
<p>In many cases, changes to approved requirements are driven by changes to higher-level requirements such as business objectives. Business analysts collaborate with stakeholders to ensure these requirements are stable before proceeding to solution or technical requirements. When changes to requirements are presented, the business analyst analyzes the impact and plans how to manage proposed changes.</p>
<p>As the complexity of an information technology environment grows, it becomes increasingly important to track each change to each requirement or between</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-403">403</p>
</section></body>
</html>