<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Survey or Questionnaire</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_057">
<p>3.4.7 Stakeholders</p>
<h3 id="survey-or-questionnaire">• Survey or Questionnaire</h3>
<p>defining business analysis information management.</p>
<h3 id="workshops">• Workshops</h3>
<p>in a group setting.</p>
<p><strong>3.4.7</strong></p>
<h2 id="stakeholders">Stakeholders</h2>
<h3 id="domain-subject-matter-expert">• Domain Subject Matter Expert</h3>
<p>analysis information, and will be interested in a more specific view of business analysis information which relates to their area of expertise.</p>
<h3 id="regulator">• Regulator</h3>
<p>management.</p>
<h3 id="sponsor">• Sponsor</h3>
<p><strong>3.4.8</strong></p>
<h2 id="outputs">Outputs</h2>
<h3 id="information-management-approach">• Information Management Approach</h3>
<p>how business analysis information will be stored, accessed, and utilized during the change and after the change is complete.</p>
<p><strong>3.5</strong></p>
<h2 id="identify-business-analysis-performance">Identify Business Analysis Performance</h2>
<h3 id="improvements">Improvements</h3>
<p><strong>3.5.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<h3 id="the-purpose-of-identify-business-analysis-performance-improvements-is-to-assess">The purpose of Identify Business Analysis Performance Improvements is to assess</h3>
<p>business analysis work and to plan to improve processes where required.</p>
<p><strong>3.5.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>To monitor and improve performance, it is necessary to establish the performance measures, conduct the performance analysis, report on the results of the analysis, and identify any necessary preventive, corrective, or developmental actions.</p>
<p>Performance analysis should occur throughout an initiative. Once potential performance improvements are identified, they become guidelines for the next time a task is executed.</p>
<p><strong>3.5.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="inputs">Inputs</h2>
<h3 id="business-analysis-approach">• Business Analysis Approach</h3>
<p>be produced, activities that will need to be performed (including when they will be performed and who will be performing them), and techniques that will be used.</p>
<h3 id="performance-objectives-external">• Performance Objectives (external)</h3>
<p>outcomes that an enterprise or organization is hoping to achieve.</p>
</section></body>
</html>