<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Document Analysis</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_279">
<p>10.18 Document Analysis</p>
<p>Document Analysis • Business terminology must be clearly defined and shared definitions developed to avoid data quality issues affecting automated decisions.</p>
<p><strong>10.18</strong></p>
<h3 id="document-analysis">Document Analysis</h3>
<p><strong>10.18.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>Document analysis is used to elicit business analysis information, including contextual understanding and requirements, by examining available materials that describe either the business environment or existing organizational assets.</p>
<p><strong>10.18.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Document analysis may be used to gather background information in order to understand the context of a business need, or it may include researching existing solutions to validate how those solutions are currently implemented. Document analysis may also be used to validate findings from other elicitation efforts such as interviews and observations. Data mining is one approach to document analysis that is used to analyze data in order to determine patterns, group the data into categories, and determine opportunities for change. The purpose, scope, and topics to be researched through document analysis are determined based on the business analysis information being explored. When performing document analysis, business analysts methodically review the materials and determine whether the information should be recorded within a work product.</p>
<p>Background research gathered through document analysis may include reviewing materials such as marketing studies, industry guidelines or standards, company memos, and organizational charts. By researching a wide variety of source materials, the business analyst can ensure the need is fully understood in terms of the environment in which it exists. Document analysis about an existing solution may include reviewing business rules, technical documentation, training documentation, problem reports, previous requirements documents, and procedure manuals in order to validate both how the current solution works and why it was implemented in its current form. Document analysis can also help address information gaps that may occur when the subject matter experts (SMEs) for the existing solution are no longer present or will not be available for the duration of the elicitation process.</p>
<p><strong>10.18.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-preparation">.1 Preparation</h3>
<p>Document analysis materials may originate from public or proprietary sources.</p>
<p>When assessing source documents for analysis, business analysts consider: • whether or not the source’s content is relevant, current, genuine, and credible,</p>
</section></body>
</html>