<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>chapter_109</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_109">
<p>Strategy defines the most effective way to apply the capabilities of an enterprise in order to reach a desired set of goals and objectives. Strategies may exist for the entire enterprise, for a division, department or region, and for a product, project, or iteration.</p>
<p>The Strategy Analysis knowledge area describes the business analysis work that must be performed to collaborate with stakeholders in order to identify a need of strategic or tactical importance (the address that need, and align the resulting strategy for the change with higher-and lower-level strategies.</p>
<p>Strategy analysis focuses on defining the future and transition states needed to address the business need, and the work required is defined both by that need and the scope of the solution space. It covers strategic thinking in business analysis, as well as the discovery or imagining of possible solutions that will enable the enterprise to create greater value for stakeholders, and/or capture more value for itself.</p>
<p>Strategy analysis provides context to requirements analysis and design definition for a given change. Strategy analysis should be performed as a business need is identified. This allows stakeholders to make the determination of whether to address that need or not. Strategy analysis is an ongoing activity that assesses any changes in that need, in its context, or any new information that may indicate that an adjustment to the change strategy may be required.</p>
<p>The following image illustrates the spectrum of value as business analysis activities progress from delivering potential value to actual value.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-99">99</p>
</section></body>
</html>