<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.3 Conduct the Workshop</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_375">
<p>10.50.4 Usage Considerations</p>
<h3 id="3-conduct-the-workshop">.3 Conduct the Workshop</h3>
<p>To ensure that all participants have a common understanding, facilitators generally begin the workshop with a statement of its purpose and desired outcomes. Some workshops may also start with an easy or fun task to break the ice and get the participants comfortable working together.</p>
<p>Establishing agreed-upon ground rules can be an effective method for establishing a productive environment for collaboration. Ground rules can include: • respect the opinions of others, • everyone is expected to contribute, • discussion that is off-topic should be limited to a specific set time, • discuss the issues, not the people, and • an agreement on how decisions are made.</p>
<p>Throughout the workshop, the facilitator maintains focus by frequently validating the session’s activities with the workshop’s purpose and outcomes.</p>
<h3 id="4-post-workshop-wrap-up">.4 Post Workshop Wrap-up</h3>
<p>After the workshop, the facilitator follows up on any open action items that were recorded at the workshop, completes the documentation, and distributes it to the workshop attendees and any stakeholders who need to be kept informed of the work done.</p>
<p><strong>10.50.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• Can be a means to achieve agreement in a relatively short period of time.</p>
<p>• Provides a means for stakeholders to collaborate, make decisions, and gain a mutual understanding.</p>
<p>• Costs are often lower than the cost of performing multiple interviews.</p>
<p>• Feedback on the issues or decisions can be provided immediately by the participants.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• Stakeholder availability may make it difficult to schedule the workshop.</p>
<p>• The success of the workshop is highly dependent on the expertise of the facilitator and knowledge of the participants.</p>
<p>• Workshops that involve too many participants can slow down the workshop process. Conversely, collecting input from too few participants can lead to the overlooking of needs or issues that are important to some stakeholders, or to</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-365">365</p>
</section></body>
</html>