<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 Stakeholder Impact Analysis</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_189">
<p>• identify whether or not stakeholders understand the reasons why a solution exists, • ascertain whether or not the stakeholders view the solution as something beneficial and are supportive of the change, and • determine if and what cultural changes are required to better realize value from a solution.</p>
<p>The enterprise culture assessment evaluates the extent to which the culture can accept a solution. If cultural adjustments are needed to support the solution, the assessment is used to judge the enterprise’s ability and willingness to adapt to these cultural changes.</p>
<p>Business analysts also evaluate internal and external stakeholders to: • gauge understanding and acceptance of the solution, • assess perception of value and benefit from the solution, and • determine what communication activities are needed to ensure awareness and understanding of the solution.</p>
<h3 id="2-stakeholder-impact-analysis">.2 Stakeholder Impact Analysis</h3>
<p>A stakeholder impact analysis provides insight into how the solution affects a particular stakeholder group.</p>
<p>When conducting stakeholder impact analysis, business analysts consider: include inputs a stakeholder provides into the process, how the stakeholder uses the solution to execute the process, and what outputs the stakeholder receives from the process. the solution. If the stakeholders are in disparate locations, it may impact their use of the solution and the ability to realize the value of the solution. the solution. This may include the use of the solution, the perceptions of the value of the solution, and the impact the solution has on a stakeholder’s ability to perform necessary functions.</p>
<h3 id="3-organizational-structure-changes">.3 Organizational Structure Changes</h3>
<p>There are occasions when business analysts assess how the organization’s structure is impacted by a solution.</p>
<p>The use of a solution and the ability to adopt a change can be enabled or blocked by formal and informal relationships among stakeholders. The reporting structure may be too complex or too simple to allow a solution to perform effectively.</p>
<p>Assessing if the organizational hierarchy supports the solution is a key activity. On occasion, informal relationships within an organization, whether alliances, friendships, or matrix-reporting, impact the ability of a solution to deliver</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-179">179</p>
</section></body>
</html>