<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 Limitations</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_318">
<p>10.32 Organizational Modelling</p>
<p>Organizational Modelling</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• May be disruptive to the performance of the participant and the overall organization.</p>
<p>• Can be threatening and intrusive to the person being observed.</p>
<p>• While being observed, a participant may alter their work practices.</p>
<p>• Significant time is required to plan for and conduct observations.</p>
<p>• Not suitable for evaluating knowledge-based activities since these are not directly observable.</p>
<p><strong>10.32</strong></p>
<h3 id="organizational-modelling">Organizational Modelling</h3>
<p><strong>10.32.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>Organizational modelling is used to describe the roles, responsibilities, and reporting structures that exist within an organization and to align those structures with the organization's goals.</p>
<p><strong>10.32.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>An organizational model defines how an organization or organizational unit is structured. The purpose of an organizational unit is to bring together a group of people to fulfill a common purpose. The group may be organized because the people share a common set of skills and knowledge or to serve a particular market.</p>
<p>An organizational model is a visual representation of the organizational unit which defines: • the boundaries of the group (who is in the group), • the formal relationships between members (who reports to whom), • the functional role for each person, and • the interfaces (interaction and dependencies) between the unit and other units or stakeholders.</p>
<p><strong>10.32.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-types-of-organizational-models">.1 Types of Organizational Models</h3>
<p>There are three pre-eminent organizational models: areas of expertise and generally encourage a standardization of work or processes within the organization. Functional organizations are beneficial because they seem to facilitate cost management and reduce duplication of work, but are prone to develop communication and cross-functional</p>
</section></body>
</html>