<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Framework</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_442">
<p><strong>BPM Frameworks</strong></p>
<h3 id="framework">Framework</h3>
<p><strong>Brief description</strong></p>
<h2 id="process-classification">Process Classification</h2>
<h3 id="frameworkpcf">Framework(PCF)</h3>
<p>A classification framework that details processes and is used for benchmarking and performance measurement.</p>
<h3 id="2-methodologies">.2 Methodologies</h3>
<p>The following table lists methodologies that are commonly used within the discipline of business process management.</p>
<h2 id="table-1151-bpm-methodologies">Table 11.5.1: BPM Methodologies</h2>
<h3 id="methodology">Methodology</h3>
<p><strong>Brief description</strong></p>
<h3 id="adaptive-case">Adaptive Case</h3>
<p>Management (ACM) A method used when processes are not fixed or static in nature, and have a lot of human interaction. An ACM process may be different each time it is performed.</p>
<h3 id="business-process-re">Business Process Re-</h3>
<p>engineering (BPR) The fundamental rethinking and redesigning of business processes to generate improvements in critical performance measures, such as cost, quality, service, and speed.</p>
<h3 id="continuous-improvement">Continuous Improvement</h3>
<p>(CI) The ongoing monitoring and adjustment of existing processes to bring them closer to goals or performance targets. This represents a permanent commitment of the organization to change and must be an important part of its culture.</p>
<h3 id="lean">Lean</h3>
<p>A continuous improvement methodology that focuses on the elimination of waste in a process, defined as work for which the customer of the process will not pay.</p>
<h3 id="six-sigma">Six Sigma</h3>
<p>A continuous improvement methodology that focuses on the elimination of variations in the outcome of a process. It is statistically oriented and performance data centric.</p>
<h3 id="theory-of-constraints">Theory Of Constraints</h3>
<p>(TOC) A methodology that holds the performance of an organization can be optimized by managing three variables: the throughput of a process, operational expense to produce that throughput, and the inventory of products. The performance of a process is dominated by one key constraint at any given time, and the process can only be optimized by improving the performance of that constraint.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-432">432</p>
</section></body>
</html>