<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.3 Traceability Repository</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_092">
<p>5.1.5 Guidelines and Tools requirement depends on another requirement. Types of dependency relationships include: requirement if a related requirement is also implemented. requirement is also implemented. requirements it is satisfying. For example, the relationship between a functional requirement and a solution component that is implementing it. element that can determine whether a solution fulfills the requirement.</p>
<h3 id="3-traceability-repository">.3 Traceability Repository</h3>
<p>Requirements traceability is documented and maintained in accordance with the methods identified by the business analysis approach. Requirements management tools can provide significant benefits when there is a need to trace a large number of requirements that may be deemed unmanageable with manual approaches.</p>
<p><strong>5.1.5</strong></p>
<h2 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h2>
<h3 id="domain-knowledge">• Domain Knowledge</h3>
<p>needed to support traceability.</p>
<h3 id="information-management-approach">• Information Management Approach</h3>
<p>activities concerning the traceability approach.</p>
<h3 id="legalregulatory-information">• Legal/Regulatory Information</h3>
<p>must be followed. These may need to be considered when defining traceability rules.</p>
<h3 id="requirements-management-toolsrepository">• Requirements Management Tools/Repository</h3>
<p>business analysis information. The tool may be as simple as a text document or as complex as a dedicated requirements management tool.</p>
<p><strong>5.1.6</strong></p>
<h3 id="business-rules-analysis">• Business Rules Analysis</h3>
<p>they support, or rules that support requirements.</p>
<h3 id="functional-decomposition">• Functional Decomposition</h3>
<p>components for allocation, as well as to trace high-level concepts to low-level concepts.</p>
<h3 id="process-modelling">• Process Modelling</h3>
<p>tracing requirements to the future state process.</p>
<h3 id="scope-modelling">• Scope Modelling</h3>
<p>to the area of scope the requirement supports.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-82">82</p>
</section></body>
</html>