<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 Change Targets</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_438">
<p>Process improvements are typically initiated or at least managed by a process manager at any level of the organization. The scope of the process or sub-process usually determines the authority of the process manager.</p>
<h3 id="2-change-targets">.2 Change Targets</h3>
<p>The possible primary change targets for a BPM initiative include: on the external customer but internal customers are also considered. Since BPM is customer-centric by nature, the customer is part of BPM initiatives in order to validate the effectiveness of the process change. Involving the customer early in the initiative minimizes the risk of failure by ensuring the goals of process delivery are aligned to the customer’s expectations. requirements towards compliance and risk management by some organizations. Regulators may trigger a BPM initiative due to changes in regulations on such concerns as public safety, transparency, equal opportunity, and non-discrimination. responsibility and authority to make the final decision regarding any changes to the affected processes. The process owner is also responsible for measuring the process performance. the process being evaluated. These participants define the activities of the process. In order to ensure that the interests of process participants are met, the process owner engages them during design of the process. delivery and driving decisions. The project manager works with a team including process analysts, process owners, and process designers. The project manager is responsible for planning, scheduling, communication management, change management, and risk management. functioning business processes. The success of a BPM initiative is the ability to integrate all the functions that meet the needs of the customer.</p>
<h3 id="3-business-analysis-position">.3 Business Analysis Position</h3>
<p>Business analysts working within the discipline of business process management may assume a variety of roles: monitoring, and continuously improving business processes. A process architect knows how to design business processes and how to enhance those processes either manually or for automated business process execution on a BPM platform. Process architects address and guide the decisions around what process knowledge, methodology, and technology is required to meet the objectives of the organization with respect to a</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-428">428</p>
</section></body>
</html>