<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_251">
<p>10.9.3 Elements</p>
<p>Business Rules Analysis interpretation for use by people in the business) and is always under the control of the business.</p>
<p>Analysis of business rules involves capturing business rules from sources, expressing them clearly, validating them with stakeholders, refining them to best align with business goals, and organizing them so they can be effectively managed and reused. Sources of business rules may be explicit (for example, documented business policies, regulations, or contracts) or tacit (for example, undocumented stakeholder know-how, generally accepted business practices, or norms of the corporate culture). Business rules should be explicit, specific, clear, accessible, and single sourced. Basic principles for business rules include: • basing them on standard business vocabulary to enable domain subject matter experts to validate them, • expressing them separately from how they will be enforced, • defining them at the atomic level and in declarative format, • separating them from processes they support or constrain, • mapping them to decisions the rule supports or constrains, and • maintaining them in a manner such that they can be monitored and adapted as business circumstances evolve over time.</p>
<p>A set of rules for making an operational business decision may be expressed as a decision table or decision tree, as described in Decision Analysis (p. 261). The number of rules in such a set can be quite large, with a high level of complexity.</p>
<p><strong>10.9.3</strong></p>
<h3 id="elements">Elements</h3>
<p>Business rules require consistent use of business terms, a glossary of definitions for the underlying business concepts, and an understanding of the structural connections among the concepts. Reuse of existing terminology from external industry associations or internal business glossaries is often advised. Sometimes definitions and structures from data dictionaries or data models can be helpful (see Data Dictionary (p. 247) and Data Modelling (p. 256)). Business rules should be expressed and managed independently of any implementation technology since they need to be available for reference by business people. In addition, they sometimes will be implemented in multiple platforms or software components.</p>
<p>There are frequently exceptions to business rules; these should be treated simply as additional business rules. Existing business rules should be challenged to ensure they align with business goals and remain relevant, especially when new solutions emerge.</p>
<h3 id="1-definitional-rules">.1 Definitional Rules</h3>
<p>Definitional rules shape concepts, or produce knowledge or information. They indicate something that is necessarily true (or untrue) about some concept, thereby supplementing its definition. In contrast to behavioural rules, which are about the behaviour of people, definitional rules represent operational</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-241">241</p>
</section></body>
</html>