<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Purpose</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_130">
<p>6.3 Assess Risks <strong>6.3</strong> <strong>6.3.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>The purpose of Assess Risks is to understand the undesirable consequences of internal and external forces on the enterprise during a transition to, or once in, the future state. An understanding of the potential impact of those forces can be used to make a recommendation about a course of action.</p>
<p><strong>6.3.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Assessing risks includes analyzing and managing them. Risks might be related to the current state, a desired future state, a change itself, a change strategy, or any tasks being performed by the enterprise.</p>
<p>The risks are analyzed for the: • possible consequences if the risk occurs, • impact of those consequences, • likelihood of the risk, and • potential time frame when the risk might occur.</p>
<p>The collection of risks is used as an input for selecting or coordinating a change strategy. A risk assessment can include choosing to accept a risk if either the effort required to modify the risk or the level of risk outweighs the probable loss.</p>
<p>If the risks are understood and the change proceeds, then the risks can be managed to minimize their overall impact to value.</p>
<h3 id="important">Important</h3>
<p>A number of methods include 'positive risk' as a way of managing opportunities.</p>
<p>Although the formal definition of risk in the usage, 'opportunities' are captured as needs (and managed accordingly), and risk is used for uncertain events that can produce negative outcomes.</p>
<p><strong>6.3.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="inputs">Inputs</h2>
<h3 id="business-objectives">• Business Objectives</h3>
<p>future state can be used to identify and discuss potential risks.</p>
<h3 id="elicitation-results-confirmed">• Elicitation Results (confirmed)</h3>
<p>stakeholders perceive as risks to the realization of the desired future state.</p>
<h3 id="influences">• Influences</h3>
<p>enterprise (external) which will impact the realization of the desired future state.</p>
<h3 id="potential-value">• Potential Value</h3>
<p>proposed future state provides a benchmark against which risks can be assessed.</p>
<p><strong>• Requirements (prioritized)</strong> influence the risks to be defined and understood as part of solution realization.</p>
</section></body>
</html>