<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 Usage Considerations</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_250">
<p>10.9 Business Rules Analysis</p>
<p>Business Rules Analysis revenue resulting from a one-time purchase of a good or service and recurring revenue from periodic payments for a good, service, or ongoing support.</p>
<p>Some types of revenue streams include: a particular asset, either as a one-time fee or as a recurring cost. or service. an asset.</p>
<h2 id="2-usage-considerations">.2 Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="strengths">Strengths</h3>
<p>• It is a widely used and effective framework that can be used to understand and optimize business models.</p>
<p>• It is simple to use and easy to understand.</p>
<h3 id="limitations">Limitations</h3>
<p>• Does not account for alternative measures of value such as social and environmental impacts.</p>
<p>• The primary focus on value propositions does not provide a holistic insight for business strategy.</p>
<p>• Does not include the strategic purpose of the enterprise within the canvas.</p>
<p><strong>10.9</strong></p>
<h3 id="business-rules-analysis">Business Rules Analysis</h3>
<p><strong>10.9.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>Business rules analysis is used to identify, express, validate, refine, and organize the rules that shape day-to-day business behaviour and guide operational business decision making.</p>
<p><strong>10.9.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Business policies and rules guide the day-to-day operation of the business and its processes, and shape operational business decisions. A business policy is a directive concerned with broadly controlling, influencing, or regulating the actions of an enterprise and the people in it. A business rule is a specific, testable directive that serves as a criterion for guiding behaviour, shaping judgments, or making decisions. A business rule must be practicable (needing no further</p>
</section></body>
</html>