<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_334">
<p>10.36.3 Elements</p>
<p>Prototyping assumptions by demonstrating what the product looks like and how it acts in the early stages of design.</p>
<p>Prototypes can be non-working models, working representations, or digital depictions of a solution or a proposed product. They can be used to mock up websites, serve as a partially working construct of the product, or describe processes through a series of diagrams (such as workflow). Business rules and data prototypes can be used to discover desired process flow and business rules.</p>
<p>Data prototyping can be used for data cleansing and transformation.</p>
<p><strong>10.36.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-prototyping-approach">.1 Prototyping Approach</h3>
<p>There are two common approaches to prototyping: and pencil, a whiteboard, or software) to serve the goal of uncovering and clarifying requirements. The prototype may be updated or evolve during the course of discussion and development, but does not become workable code or get maintained as a deliverable once the final system or process is implemented. This method is helpful for identifying functionality or processes that are not easily elicited by other techniques, have conflicting points of view, or are difficult to understand. These prototypes can be an inexpensive tool to uncover or confirm requirements that go beyond an interface including requirements related to processes, data, and business rules. requirements into a functioning solution as requirements are further defined through stakeholder use. This approach produces a working solution and usually requires a specialized prototyping tool or language.</p>
<p>These prototypes may be used in the final solution. If specialized software is used, business processes, rules, and data can be simulated to evaluate the impact of changes and validate desired outcomes.</p>
<h3 id="2-prototyping-examples">.2 Prototyping Examples</h3>
<p>There are many forms of prototyping in use today.</p>
<p>Each of the following can be considered a form of prototyping: design of a system without modelling the appearance, materials used in the creation of work, or processes/workflows ultimately used by the stakeholders. a product that will be manufactured, without creating actual functionality.</p>
<p>It is used to assess ergonomic and visual factors using a sculptural representation of the product made from inexpensive materials. This type of prototype may also be used to model a workflow or navigation at a high</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-324">324</p>
</section></body>
</html>