<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 Limitations</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_358">
<p>10.44 State Modelling</p>
<p>State Modelling</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• Business analysts who are continuously working with the same teams may not utilize the stakeholder analysis and management technique because they perceive change as minimal within their respective groups.</p>
<p>• Assessing information about a specific stakeholder representative, such as influence and interest, can be complicated and may feel politically risky.</p>
<p><strong>10.44</strong></p>
<h3 id="state-modelling">State Modelling</h3>
<p><strong>10.44.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>State modelling is used to describe and analyze the different possible states of an entity within a system, how that entity changes from one state to another, and what can happen to the entity when it is in each state.</p>
<p><strong>10.44.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>An entity is an object or concept within a system. An entity may be used in several processes. The life cycle of every entity has a beginning and an end.</p>
<p>In a state model (also sometimes called a state transition model), a state is a formal representation of a status. It is used when it is necessary to have a precise and consistent understanding of an entity that has complex behaviour and complex rules about that behaviour.</p>
<p>A state model describes: • a set of possible states for an entity, • the sequence of states that the entity can be in, • how an entity changes from one state to another, • the events and conditions that cause the entity to change states, and • the actions that can or must be performed by the entity in each state as it moves through its life cycle.</p>
<p>While a process model can show all of the entities that are used in or affected by that process, a state model shows a complementary view: what happens to one entity across all the processes that affect it or use it.</p>
<p><strong>10.44.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-state">.1 State</h3>
<p>An entity has a finite number of states during its life cycle, although it can be in more than one state at a time. Each state is described with a name and the activities that could be performed while in that state. There may be rules about which activities must or can be performed and which events it can respond to or trigger.</p>
</section></body>
</html>