<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.3 Trends</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_182">
<p>8.2.5 Guidelines and Tools</p>
<p>Analyze Performance Measures</p>
<h3 id="3-trends">.3 Trends</h3>
<p>When analyzing performance data, business analysts consider the time period when the data was collected to guard against anomalies and skewed trends. A large enough sample size over a sufficient time period will provide an accurate depiction of solution performance on which to make decisions and guard against false signals brought about by incomplete data. Any pronounced and repeated trends, such as a noticeable increase in errors at certain times or a change in process speed when volume is increased, are noted.</p>
<h3 id="4-accuracy">.4 Accuracy</h3>
<p>The accuracy of performance measures is essential to the validity of their analysis.</p>
<p>Business analysts test and analyze the data collected by the performance measures to ensure their accuracy. To be considered accurate and reliable, the results of performance measures should be reproducible and repeatable.</p>
<h3 id="5-performance-variances">.5 Performance Variances</h3>
<p>The difference between expected and actual performance represents a variance that is considered when analyzing solution performance. Root cause analysis may be necessary to determine the underlying causes of significant variances within a solution. Recommendations of how to improve performance and reduce any variances are made in the task Recommend Actions to Increase Solution Value (p. 182).</p>
<p><strong>8.2.5</strong></p>
<h2 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h2>
<h3 id="change-strategy">• Change Strategy</h3>
<p>the potential value.</p>
<h3 id="future-state-description">• Future State Description</h3>
<p>removed components of the enterprise and the potential value expected from the future state.</p>
<h3 id="risk-analysis-results">• Risk Analysis Results</h3>
<p>modifying the individual risks.</p>
<h3 id="solution-scope">• Solution Scope</h3>
<p><strong>8.2.6</strong></p>
<h3 id="acceptance-and-evaluation-criteria">• Acceptance and Evaluation Criteria</h3>
<p>performance through acceptance criteria. The degree of variance from these criteria will guide the analysis of that performance.</p>
<h3 id="benchmarking-and-market-analysis">• Benchmarking and Market Analysis</h3>
<p>organizations employing similar solutions when assessing risks, trends, and variances.</p>
<h3 id="data-mining">• Data Mining</h3>
<p>issues, and variances from expected performance levels and understand patterns and meaning in that data.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-172">172</p>
</section></body>
</html>