<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Guide.</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_512">
<p><strong>About IIBA</strong></p>
<p><strong>IIBA Certifications</strong></p>
<p>International Institute of Business Analysis™ (IIBA independent non-profit professional association formed in 2003 to serve the growing field of business analysis.</p>
<p>IIBA certifications are the globally recognized standard for business analysis.</p>
<p>Many certifications in the business analysis space cover the core skills of requirements engineering and management, but IIBA certifications go beyond those basics to deliver unique value.</p>
<p>As the voice of the business analysis community, IIBA supports the recognition of the profession, and works to maintain standards for the practice and certification. Through a global network, IIBA connects Members, Chapters, Corporations and Partners around the world to advance the business analysis profession by <em>better business outcomes</em> IIBA programs address the need for business analysis professionals to link strategy to execution, ensure long-term benefits are realized from a change, and integrate innovation and process improvement with technology change. This means that professionals certified by IIBA are able to contribute to the success of the entire business, not just help a project deliver on time, on scope, and on budget.</p>
<p>For individuals working in a broad range of roles – business analysis, systems analysis, requirements analysis, project management, consulting, process improvement and more – IIBA provides the resources to help you enhance your career and advance your career path.</p>
<p>IIBA certification offers many benefits, including: • Establishment and implementation of best practices in business analysis by individuals acknowledged as knowledgeable and skilled.</p>
<p>As an IIBA Member, business analysis professionals gain extensive access to insight, knowledge and support. IIBA can help you create a professional career path through the ability to grow a variety of skills. Member benefits include: • More reliable, higher quality results produced with increased efficiency and consistency.</p>
<p>• Recognition as a business analysis professional to • Access to essential tools and knowledge, including colleagues, clients and business stakeholders. webinars, quick tips, best practices, online library and newsletters.</p>
<p>• Professional development and recognition for experienced business analysis professionals.</p>
<p>• Connections to a global network of learning and collaboration.</p>
<p>• Demonstrated commitment to the field of business analysis, which is increasingly recognized as vital to all areas of business.</p>
<p>• Opportunity to engage a community of professionals and grow at a local level through your IIBA Chapter.</p>
<p>• Support in achieving success, recognition and opportunity in your career.</p>
<p>• Free access to PDF and eBook editions of the</p>
<h3 id="guide">Guide.</h3>
<p>• Discounted fee for IIBA certification exam.</p>
<p>You can gain even greater value through participation in your local IIBA Chapter. By joining a Chapter, you can also access additional tools and resources and you will have the opportunity to participate in events, study groups and general interest groups.</p>
<p>To become an IIBA member, visit iiba.org/Membership. To find your local Chapter, visit iiba.org/Chapter.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-502">502</p>
</section></body>
</html>