<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.4 Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_017">
<p>1.4.4 Underlying Competencies</p>
<h3 id="4-elements">.4 Elements</h3>
<p>The Elements section describes the key concepts that are needed to understand how to perform the task. Elements are not mandatory as part of performing a task, and their usage might depend upon the business analysis approach.</p>
<h3 id="5-guidelines-and-tools">.5 Guidelines and Tools</h3>
<p>The Guidelines and Tools section lists resources that are required to transform the input into an output. A guideline provides instructions or descriptions on why or how to undertake a task. A tool is something used to undertake a task.</p>
<p>Guidelines and tools can include outputs of other tasks.</p>
<h3 id="6-techniques">.6 Techniques</h3>
<p>The Techniques section lists the techniques that can be used to perform the business analysis task.</p>
<h3 id="7-stakeholders">.7 Stakeholders</h3>
<p>The Stakeholders section is composed of a generic list of stakeholders who are likely to participate in performing that task or who will be affected by it. The initiative.</p>
<h3 id="8-outputs">.8 Outputs</h3>
<p>The Outputs section describes the results produced by performing the task.</p>
<p>Outputs are created, transformed, or changed in state as a result of the successful completion of a task. An output may be a deliverable or be a part of a larger deliverable. The form of an output is dependent on the type of initiative underway, standards adopted by the organization, and best judgment of the business analyst as to an appropriate way to address the information needs of key stakeholders.</p>
<p>As with inputs, an instance of a task may be completed without an output being in its final state. Tasks that use a specific output do not necessarily have to wait for its completion for work within the task to begin.</p>
<p><strong>1.4.4</strong> Underlying competencies reflect knowledge, skills, behaviours, characteristics, and personal qualities that help one successfully perform the role of the business analyst. These underlying competencies are not unique to the business analysis profession. However, successful execution of tasks and techniques is often dependent on proficiency in one or more underlying competencies.</p>
<p>Underlying competencies have the following structure:</p>
<h2 id="purpose">• Purpose</h2>
<h2 id="definition">• Definition</h2>
<h3 id="effectiveness-measures">• Effectiveness Measures</h3>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-7">7</p>
</section></body>
</html>