<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Figure 8.0.1: Business Analysis Value Spectrum</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_174">
<p>makes recommendations to increase the value of the solution. It may include any combination of performance assessments, tests, and experiments, and may combine both objective and subjective assessments of value. Solution Evaluation generally focuses on a component of an enterprise rather than the entire enterprise.</p>
<p>The following image illustrates the spectrum of value as business analysis activities progress from delivering potential value to actual value.</p>
<h2 id="figure-801-business-analysis-value-spectrum">Figure 8.0.1: Business Analysis Value Spectrum</h2>
<h2 id="requirements-analysis">Requirements Analysis</h2>
<h2 id="design-definition">&amp; Design Definition</h2>
<h2 id="potential">Potential</h2>
<h3 id="actual">Actual</h3>
<p>Need</p>
<h2 id="solution">Solution</h2>
<h2 id="scope">Scope</h2>
<h2 id="requirements">Requirements</h2>
<h2 id="design">Design</h2>
<h2 id="proof-of-concept">Proof of Concept/</h2>
<h2 id="prototype">Prototype</h2>
<h2 id="pilotbeta">Pilot/Beta</h2>
<h3 id="operating">Operating</h3>
<p>The Solution Evaluation knowledge area includes the following tasks: assess the performance of a solution, including how it aligns with enterprise goals and objectives, and performs the assessment. performance of a solution in order to understand the value it delivers to the enterprise and to stakeholders, and determines whether it is meeting current business needs. solution that may prevent it from meeting current business needs. solution that may be preventing the enterprise from realizing the full value that a solution is capable of providing. actions the enterprise can take to increase the value that can be delivered by a solution.</p>
<h2 id="the-core-concept-model-in-solution-evaluation">The Core Concept Model in Solution Evaluation</h2>
<h3 id="the">The</h3>
<p>relationships among the six core concepts. The following table describes the usage and application of each of the core concepts within the context of Solution</p>
<h3 id="evaluation">Evaluation.</h3>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-164">164</p>
</section></body>
</html>