<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>The</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_010">
<p>The major changes in this release include: • the inclusion of the • the expanded scope of the role of business analysis in creating better business outcomes, • the inclusion of Perspectives which describe specialized ways in which business analysis professionals provide unique value to the enterprise, • new and expanded Underlying Competencies to better reflect the diverse skill sets of the business analyst, and • new techniques that have emerged in the practice of business analysis.</p>
<p>This publication supersedes version 2.0.</p>
<h3 id="the">The</h3>
<p>analysis. The content included in this release has been verified through reviews by practitioners, surveys of the business analysis community, and consultations with recognized experts in the field. The data available to IIBA demonstrates that the tasks and techniques described in this publication are in use by a majority of business analysis practitioners. As a result, we can have confidence that the tasks and techniques described in the analysis is performed, most of the time.</p>
<h3 id="the">The</h3>
<p>should be followed under all circumstances. Any set of practices must be tailored to the specific conditions under which business analysis is being performed. In addition, practices which are not generally accepted by the business analysis community at the time of publication may be equally effective, or more effective, than the practices described in the become generally accepted, and as data is collected to verify their effectiveness, they will be incorporated into future editions of this publication. IIBA encourages all practitioners of business analysis to be open to new approaches and new ideas, and wishes to encourage innovation in the practice of business analysis.</p>
<p>IIBA would like to extend its thanks and the thanks of the business analysis community to all those who volunteered their time and effort to the development of this revision, as well as those who provided informal feedback to us in other ways. vi</p>
</section></body>
</html>