<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.3 Effectiveness Measures</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_223">
<p>9.6.2 Business Analysis Tools and Technology available as possible. They allow documents to be accessible by an entire team, and facilitate collaboration. They also enable multiple users to work on a document simultaneously, and generally support comments and discussion about document content. These tools may take the form of a document repository (which integrates with office productivity software), wikis (which allow easy creation and linking of web pages), discussion forums, cloud services, or other web-based tools. facilitate communication with stakeholders. Tools such as printers and digital projectors are often used to translate digital information generated on a computer into physical information for ease of use. Photocopiers and scanners copy physical documents and can provide the ability to share them electronically.</p>
<h3 id="3-effectiveness-measures">.3 Effectiveness Measures</h3>
<p>Measures of effective office productivity tools and technology include: • increased efficiencies and streamlining of processes by exploring features and functions of tools, • awareness of available tools, their operation, and abilities, • the ability to determine the tool that will best meet stakeholder needs, and • the ability to clearly communicate the major features of available tools.</p>
<p><strong>9.6.2</strong></p>
<h2 id="business-analysis-tools-and-technology">Business Analysis Tools and Technology</h2>
<h3 id="1-purpose">.1 Purpose</h3>
<p>Business analysts use a variety of tools and technology to model, document, and manage outputs of business analysis activities and deliverables to stakeholders.</p>
<h3 id="2-definition">.2 Definition</h3>
<p>Tools that are specific to the field of business analysis provide specialized capabilities in: • modelling, • diagramming, • documenting, • analyzing and mapping requirements, • identifying relationships between requirements, • tracking and storing requirements artifacts, and • communicating with stakeholders.</p>
<p>Some business analysis tools and technologies focus solely on a single business analysis activity and some integrate multiple business analysis functions into a single tool. Tools specifically designed for business analysis may include such</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-213">213</p>
</section></body>
</html>