<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Item Tracking (p. 294)</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_429">
<p>with all levels of the organization including senior leadership, managers, the project management office (PMO), product owners, project managers, various business analysts, solution architects, and IT personnel to bridge gaps in understanding and communicating the importance of alignment with organizational strategy. Facilitating effective collaboration requires that the business architect is able to understand the wide variety of perspectives and contexts from which each stakeholder operates. The business architect must also be able to communicate with each of these stakeholders in a language that is mutually understood and supported.</p>
<p>• Brainstorming (p. 227)</p>
<h2 id="item-tracking-p-294">• Item Tracking (p. 294)</h2>
<h3 id="document-analysis-p-269">• Document Analysis (p. 269)</h3>
<p>• Observation (p. 305)</p>
<h3 id="focus-groups-p-279">• Focus Groups (p. 279)</h3>
<p>• Prototyping (p. 323)</p>
<h2 id="functional-decomposition-p-283">• Functional Decomposition (p. 283)</h2>
<h3 id="stakeholder-list-map-or-personas">• Stakeholder List, Map, or Personas</h3>
<p>(p. 344) • Glossary (p. 286)</p>
<h2 id="survey-or-questionnaire-p-350">• Survey or Questionnaire (p. 350)</h2>
<h3 id="interface-analysis-p-287">• Interface Analysis (p. 287)</h3>
<p>• Interviews (p. 290) • Workshops (p. 363)</p>
<h3 id="other-business-analysis-techniques">Other Business Analysis Techniques</h3>
<p>• none</p>
<h3 id="3-requirements-life-cycle-management">.3 Requirements Life Cycle Management</h3>
<p>It is essential that business analysts working in the discipline of business architecture have executive support and agreement of the work to be undertaken. An architecture review board comprised of senior executives with decision-making powers can review and assess changes to the business architecture. This group will often also engage in portfolio management by making decisions regarding the investment in and prioritization of change based on their impact to business outcomes and strategy.</p>
<p>Business analysts working in the discipline of business architecture understand how projects impact the business architecture on an ongoing basis and work to continually expand, correct, or improve the business architecture. They also identify possible emerging changes in both internal and external situations (including market conditions), and decide on how to incorporate these changes into the business architecture of the organization.</p>
<h2 id="balanced-scorecard-p-223">• Balanced Scorecard (p. 223)</h2>
<h2 id="collaborative-games-p-243">• Collaborative Games (p. 243)</h2>
<h2 id="benchmarking-and-market-analysis">• Benchmarking and Market Analysis</h2>
<h3 id="data-modelling-p-256">• Data Modelling (p. 256)</h3>
<p>(p. 226)</p>
<h2 id="decision-analysis-p-261">• Decision Analysis (p. 261)</h2>
<h3 id="business-capability-analysis-p-230">• Business Capability Analysis (p. 230)</h3>
<p>• Estimation (p. 271)</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-419">419</p>
</section></body>
</html>