<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Impact on Knowledge Areas</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_411">
<p>11.3.5 Impact on Knowledge Areas architecture, software testing experience, or other technical skills. However, development-related skills or technical skills are not necessary for a business analyst to be successful within an IT environment. It is important for the business analyst to have a strong understanding of the detail required within a requirements package to support technical solutions, as well as an understanding of what is technically feasible within the constraints of an organization’s technical architecture. These skills will enable a business analyst to work with all stakeholders to design a business solution framework which will also allow the technical team the flexibility to design a technical solution.</p>
<p>Business analysts use influencing and facilitation skills when working with stakeholders. Negotiation skills are frequently used when working with business and technical staff to come to agreements and decisions if the costs of a solution (either in budget, time, or architectural impact) conflict with the desired business outcome.</p>
<p>Systems thinking is a crucial competency for business analysts practicing in an IT environment. Systems thinking supports the ability of the business analyst to see the larger picture including any other applications or technical aspects which may be impacted, the details of the specific need, and possible technical solutions.</p>
<p>Systems thinking also supports the ability to identify impacts to people, processes, and software which are not necessarily directly changed as part of an IT development effort, and to analyze the risks and possible outcomes of those impacts.</p>
<p><strong>11.3.5</strong></p>
<h3 id="impact-on-knowledge-areas">Impact on Knowledge Areas</h3>
<p>This section explains how specific business analysis practices within information technology are mapped to business analysis tasks and practices as defined by the within the IT discipline.</p>
<p>Each knowledge area lists techniques relevant to an IT perspective. Techniques used in the discipline of information technology do not deviate, to any great extent, from the found in the Techniques chapter of the an exhaustive list of techniques but rather to highlight the types of techniques used by business analysts while performing the tasks within the knowledge area.</p>
<h3 id="1-business-analysis-planning-and-monitoring">.1 Business Analysis Planning and Monitoring</h3>
<p>A business analysis approach is a fundamental communication tool which can be used to identify resources required for business analysis work and ensure adequate time for the analysis effort. A well-defined business analysis plan integrates into the overall project plan and provides business analysts with the opportunity to define and schedule the business analysis activities for the project.</p>
<p>Many organizations have some standards and processes in place, which may identify certain analysis tasks and deliverables. If these are not in place, the business analyst identifies these tasks and deliverables based on the needs of the specific initiative.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-401">401</p>
</section></body>
</html>