<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 Limitations</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_369">
<p>10.48 User Stories</p>
<p>User Stories • Use case descriptions are easily understood by stakeholders due to their narrative flow.</p>
<p>• The inclusion of a desired goal or outcome ensures that the business value of the use case is articulated.</p>
<p>• Use case descriptions articulate the functional behaviour of a system.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• The flexibility of the use case description format may lead to information being embedded that would be better captured using other techniques such as user interface interactions, non-functional requirements, and business rules.</p>
<p>• Decisions and the business rules that define them should not be recorded directly in use cases, but managed separately and linked from the appropriate step.</p>
<p>• The flexible format of use cases may result in capturing inappropriate or unnecessary detail in the attempt to show every step or interaction.</p>
<p>• Use cases intentionally do not relate to the design of the solution and as a result, significant effort may be required in development to map use case steps to software architecture.</p>
<p><strong>10.48</strong></p>
<h3 id="user-stories">User Stories</h3>
<p><strong>10.48.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>A user story represents a small, concise statement of functionality or quality needed to deliver value to a specific stakeholder.</p>
<p><strong>10.48.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>User stories capture the needs of a specific stakeholder and enable teams to define features of value to a stakeholder using short, simple documentation. They can serve as a basis for identifying needs and allow for the prioritizing, estimating, and planning of solutions. A user story is typically a sentence or two that describes who has the need addressed by the story, the goal the user is trying to accomplish, and any additional information that may be critical to understanding the scope of the story. With a focus on stakeholder value, user stories invite exploration of the requirements by promoting additional conversations with stakeholders and grouping functional requirements for delivery.</p>
<p>User stories can be used: • to capture stakeholder needs and prioritize development of solutions, • as a basis of estimating and planning solution delivery, • as a basis for generating user acceptance tests,</p>
</section></body>
</html>