<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_294">
<p>10.22.3 Elements</p>
<p>Functional Decomposition <strong>10.22.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-decomposition-objectives">.1 Decomposition Objectives</h3>
<p>Objectives of functional decomposition both drive the process of decomposition and define what to decompose, how to decompose, and how deeply to decompose.</p>
<p>The objectives may include: contribute to the overall result, or to identify important metrics and indicators. object of design. or phenomenon in isolation from its encompassing environment. breaking down a complex value into its constituent factors. function for various processes. improve process quality. or a function easily replaceable without impacting the system as a whole.</p>
<h3 id="2-subjects-of-decomposition">.2 Subjects of Decomposition</h3>
<p>Functional decomposition applies to a wide variety of versatile subjects, such as: service, or volume of production.</p>
<p>Structure or WBS) breaks endeavours into phases, milestones, work activities, tasks, work items, and deliverables. measuring, managing, optimizing, or reusing the process or its components. measurement, and estimation.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-284">284</p>
</section></body>
</html>