<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Technique</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_425">
<p><strong>Table 11.4.2: Business Architecture Techniques</strong></p>
<h2 id="technique">Technique</h2>
<h2 id="description">Description</h2>
<h3 id="archimate">Archimate</h3>
<p>An open standard modelling language.</p>
<h2 id="business">Business</h2>
<h3 id="motivation-model">Motivation Model</h3>
<p>(BMM) A formalization of the business motivation in terms of mission, vision, strategies, tactics, goals, objectives, policies, rules, and influencers.</p>
<h2 id="business-process">Business Process</h2>
<h3 id="architecture">Architecture</h3>
<p>The modelling of the processes, including interface points, as a means of providing a holistic view of the processes that exist within an organization.</p>
<h3 id="capability-map">Capability Map</h3>
<p>A hierarchical catalogue of business capabilities, or what the business does. Capabilities are categorized according to strategic, core, and supporting.</p>
<h2 id="customer-journey">Customer Journey</h2>
<h3 id="map">Map</h3>
<p>A model that depicts the journey of a customer through various touch points and the various stakeholders within the service or organization. Customer journey maps are frequently used to analyze or design the user experience from multiple perspectives.</p>
<h2 id="enterprise-core">Enterprise Core</h2>
<h3 id="diagram">Diagram</h3>
<p>Models the integration and standardizations of the organization.</p>
<h3 id="information-map">Information Map</h3>
<p>A catalogue of the important business concepts (fundamental business entities) associated with the business capabilities and value delivery. This is typically developed in conjunction with the capability model and represents the common business vocabulary for the enterprise. It is not a data model but rather a taxonomy of the business.</p>
<h2 id="organizational">Organizational</h2>
<h3 id="map">Map</h3>
<p>A model that shows the relationship of business units to each other, to external partners, and to capabilities and information. Unlike a typical organizational chart the map is focused on the interaction between units, not the structural hierarchy.</p>
<h2 id="project-portfolio">Project Portfolio</h2>
<h3 id="analysis">Analysis</h3>
<p>Used to model programs, projects, and portfolios to provide a holistic view of the initiatives of the organization.</p>
<h3 id="roadmap">Roadmap</h3>
<p>Models the actions, dependencies, and responsibilities required for the organization to move from current state, through the transition states, to the future state.</p>
<h2 id="service-oriented">Service-Oriented</h2>
<h3 id="analysis">Analysis</h3>
<p>Used to model analysis, design, and architecture of systems and software to provide a holistic view of the IT infrastructure of the organization.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-415">415</p>
</section></body>
</html>