<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_164">
<p>7.5.4 Elements <strong>7.5.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-define-solution-approaches">.1 Define Solution Approaches</h3>
<p>The solution approach describes whether solution components will be created or purchased, or some combination of both. Business analysts assess the merits of the solution approaches for each design option.</p>
<p>Solution approaches include: experts as a direct response to a set of requirements. The requirements and the design options have enough detail to make a decision about which solution to construct. This option includes modifying an existing solution. fulfill the requirements. The requirements and design options have enough detail to make a recommendation about which solution to purchase. These offerings are usually products or services owned and maintained by third parties. the categories above. Design options may include a combination of both creation and purchase of components.</p>
<p>In all of these types of approaches, proposed integration of the components is also considered within the design option.</p>
<h3 id="2-identify-improvement-opportunities">.2 Identify Improvement Opportunities</h3>
<p>When proposing design options, a number of opportunities to improve the operation of the business may occur and are compared.</p>
<p>Some common examples of opportunities include: engineering or sharing processes, changing responsibilities, or outsourcing.</p>
<p>Automation may also increase consistency of behaviour, reducing the likelihood of different stakeholders performing the same function in distinctly different fashions. to staff who interface directly or indirectly with customers, thereby reducing the need for specialists. potential to provide future value and can be supported by the solution.</p>
<p>These capabilities may not necessarily be of immediate value to the organization (for example, a software application with features the organization anticipates using in the future).</p>
<h3 id="3-requirements-allocation">.3 Requirements Allocation</h3>
<p>Requirements allocation is the process of assigning requirements to solution components and releases to best achieve the objectives. Allocation is supported</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-154">154</p>
</section></body>
</html>