<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Table 10.38.1: Example of a Risk Impact Scale</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_341">
<p>The likelihood of occurrence could be expressed either as a probability on a numerical scale or with values such as Low, Medium, and High.</p>
<p>The consequences of a risk are described in terms of their impact on the potential value. The impact of any risk can be described in terms of cost, duration, solution scope, solution quality, or any other factor agreed to by the stakeholders such as reputation, compliance, or social responsibility.</p>
<h2 id="table-10381-example-of-a-risk-impact-scale">Table 10.38.1: Example of a Risk Impact Scale</h2>
<h2 id="scope">Scope</h2>
<h2 id="quality">Quality</h2>
<h2 id="cost">Cost</h2>
<h2 id="effort">Effort</h2>
<h2 id="duration">Duration</h2>
<h2 id="reputation">Reputation</h2>
<h2 id="social">Social</h2>
<h2 id="responsibility">Responsibility</h2>
<h2 id="low">Low</h2>
<h3 id="impact">Impact</h3>
<p>Minor areas of scope are affected</p>
<h3 id="minor">Minor</h3>
<p>quality problems Less than 1% cost impact Less than 2% extra days effort</p>
<h3 id="delay-of">Delay of</h3>
<p>up to 3% Very minor impact to enterprise’s reputation</p>
<h3 id="minor">Minor</h3>
<p>impediment</p>
<h2 id="medium">Medium</h2>
<h3 id="impact">Impact</h3>
<p>2% -10% extra days effort</p>
<h3 id="delay-of">Delay of</h3>
<p>3%- 10%</p>
<h3 id="moderate">Moderate</h3>
<p>impact to enterprise’s reputation</p>
<h3 id="major">Major</h3>
<p>impediment</p>
<h3 id="significant">Significant</h3>
<p>quality issues, but the product is still usable</p>
<h3 id="more">More</h3>
<p>than 1% but less than 3% impact Major areas of scope are affected, but workarounds are feasible</p>
<h2 id="high">High</h2>
<h3 id="impact">Impact</h3>
<p>The product does not meet the business need</p>
<h3 id="the">The</h3>
<p>product is not usable</p>
<h3 id="more">More</h3>
<p>than 3% impact</p>
<h3 id="more">More</h3>
<p>than 10% extra days effort</p>
<h3 id="delay-of">Delay of</h3>
<p>more than 10%</p>
<h3 id="severe">Severe</h3>
<p>impact to enterprise’s reputation</p>
<h3 id="severe">Severe</h3>
<p>impediment While an enterprise may have a standard or baseline risk impact scale, the categories like cost, effort, and reputation, and the thresholds may be adjusted to consider the potential value and the level of risk that is acceptable. Typically, three to five broad categories of level are used to describe how to interpret the potential impact.</p>
<p>The level of a given risk may be expressed as a function of the probability of occurrence and the impact. In many cases, it is a simple multiplication of probability and impact. The risks are prioritized relative to each other according to their level. Risks which could occur in the near term may be given a higher priority than risks which are expected to occur later. Risks in some categories such as reputation or compliance may be given higher priority than others.</p>
<h3 id="3-evaluation">.3 Evaluation</h3>
<p>The risk analysis results are compared with the potential value of the change or of the solution to determine if the level of risk is acceptable or not. An overall risk level may be determined by adding up all the individual risk levels.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-331">331</p>
</section></body>
</html>