<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Communication Tools and Technology</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_225">
<p>9.6.3 Communication Tools and Technology • being able to identify major tools currently available and describe their strengths, weaknesses, and how they may be used in any given situation, • understanding of and the ability to use the major features of the tool, • ability to select a tool or tools that support organizational processes, • the ability to use the tools to complete requirements-related activities more rapidly than otherwise possible, and • the ability to track changes to the requirements and their impact on the solution implementation, stakeholders, and value.</p>
<p><strong>9.6.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="communication-tools-and-technology">Communication Tools and Technology</h2>
<h3 id="1-purpose">.1 Purpose</h3>
<p>Business analysts use communication tools and technology to perform business analysis activities, manage teams, and collaborate with stakeholders.</p>
<h3 id="2-definition">.2 Definition</h3>
<p>Communication tools are used to plan and complete tasks related to conversational interactions and collaborative interactions. Communication tools allow business analysts to work with virtual and co-located teams.</p>
<p>Understanding the options available with these tools—and knowing how to use various communications tools to complete tasks and utilize various techniques in a variety of collaboration environments—can enable more efficient and accurate communication and more effective decision making. Business analysts select the appropriate tool and technology for the situation and stakeholder group while balancing cost, risk, and value.</p>
<p>Examples of conversation interaction tools include voice communications, instant messaging, online chat, e-mail, blogging, and microblogging.</p>
<p>Examples of collaboration tools include video conferencing, electronic white boarding, wikis, electronic calendars, online brainstorming tools, electronic decision making, electronic voting, document sharing, and idea sharing.</p>
<h3 id="3-effectiveness-measures">.3 Effectiveness Measures</h3>
<p>Measures of effective communication tools and technology include: • the selection of appropriate and effective tools for the audience and purpose, • effectively choosing when to use communication technology and when not to, • the ability to identify tools to meet communication needs, and • understanding of and the ability to use features of the tool.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-215">215</p>
</section></body>
</html>