<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_264">
<p>10.14.3 Elements</p>
<p>Data Mining Data mining can be utilized in either supervised or unsupervised investigations. In a supervised investigation, users can pose a question and expect an answer that can drive their decision making. An unsupervised investigation is a pure pattern discovery exercise where patterns are allowed to emerge, and then considered for applicability to business decisions.</p>
<p>Data mining is a general term that covers descriptive, diagnostic, and predictive techniques: data, such as similarities between customers. pattern exists, such as the characteristics of an organization's most profitable customers. something is to be true in the future, such as predicting the probability that a particular claim is fraudulent.</p>
<p>In all cases it is important to consider the goal of the data mining exercise and to be prepared for considerable effort in securing the right type, volume, and quality of data with which to work.</p>
<p><strong>10.14.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-requirements-elicitation">.1 Requirements Elicitation</h3>
<p>The goal and scope of data mining is established either in terms of decision requirements for an important identified business decision, or in terms of a functional area where relevant data will be mined for domain-specific pattern discovery. This top-down versus a bottom-up mining strategy allows analysts to pick the correct set of data mining techniques.</p>
<p>Formal decision modelling techniques (see Decision Modelling (p. 265)) are used to define requirements for top-down data mining exercises. For bottom-up pattern discovery exercises it is useful if the discovered insight can be placed on existing decision models, allowing rapid use and deployment of the insight.</p>
<p>Data mining exercises are productive when managed as an agile environment.</p>
<p>They assist rapid iteration, confirmation, and deployment while providing project controls.</p>
<h3 id="2-data-preparation-analytical-dataset">.2 Data Preparation: Analytical Dataset</h3>
<p>Data mining tools work on an analytical dataset. This is generally formed by merging records from multiple tables or sources into a single, wide dataset.</p>
<p>Repeating groups are typically collapsed into multiple sets of fields. The data may be physically extracted into an actual file or it may be a virtual file that is left in the database or data warehouse so it can be analyzed. Analytical datasets are split into a set to be used for analysis, a completely independent set for confirming that the model developed works on data not used to develop it, and a validation set for final confirmation. Data volumes can be very large, sometimes resulting in</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-254">254</p>
</section></body>
</html>