<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Methodologies and Approaches</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_396">
<p>11.2.3 Methodologies and Approaches • where the transformations will take place (cleansing, encoding, enhancement), • where the data will be physically stored (data warehouse, data marts), and • how the data will flow to presentation outputs (reporting facilities, query tools).</p>
<p><strong>11.2.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="methodologies-and-approaches">Methodologies and Approaches</h2>
<h3 id="1-methodologies">.1 Methodologies</h3>
<p>There are no formalized business intelligence methodologies that impact the responsibilities and activities of the business analyst. However, a business intelligence initiative can operate within or alongside methodologies applicable to other disciplines or perspectives which themselves might impact the business analysis role.</p>
<h3 id="2-approaches">.2 Approaches</h3>
<p>Within the business intelligence framework there are a number of less formal and potentially overlapping approaches that map to particular business and technical contexts.</p>
<h3 id="types-of-analytics">Types of Analytics</h3>
<p>There are three types of data analytics that represent incremental solutions, with increasing levels of systems complexity, cost, and value: business performance. Business information can be categorized and consolidated to best suit the stakeholder’s view including executive management dashboards, middle level management key performance indicator (KPI) scorecards, and operational level management charts. No assumptions are made as to which situations are of interest to the stakeholders, what decisions need to be made, or what actions might be carried out. The business analysis focus is on the information and communication requirements for standard reporting and dashboards, ad hoc reporting, and query functionality. to identify patterns, and then uses that understanding of relationships and trends to make predictions about future events. The particular situations that are of interest to the stakeholders are specified, and their business rules are defined. The business analysis focus is on the information requirements for pattern recognition through data mining, predictive modelling, forecasting, and condition-driven alerts. to be made and to initiate appropriate action to improve business performance. Statistical optimization and simulation techniques can be</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-386">386</p>
</section></body>
</html>