<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Guidelines and Tools</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_179">
<p>8.1.5 Guidelines and Tools and use of the solution reach a consensus based on facts and reasonable assumptions, as perceived by them.</p>
<p><strong>8.1.5</strong></p>
<h2 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h2>
<h3 id="change-strategy">• Change Strategy</h3>
<p>potential value.</p>
<h3 id="future-state-description">• Future State Description</h3>
<p>modified components of the enterprise, and the potential value expected from the future state.</p>
<p><strong>• Requirements (validated)</strong> appraised to determine their value.</p>
<h3 id="solution-scope">• Solution Scope</h3>
<p><strong>8.1.6</strong></p>
<h3 id="acceptance-and-evaluation-criteria">• Acceptance and Evaluation Criteria</h3>
<p>performance.</p>
<h3 id="benchmarking-and-market-analysis">• Benchmarking and Market Analysis</h3>
<p>acceptable levels.</p>
<h3 id="business-cases">• Business Cases</h3>
<p>for a proposed solution.</p>
<h3 id="data-mining">• Data Mining</h3>
<p>solution performance.</p>
<h3 id="decision-analysis">• Decision Analysis</h3>
<p>measure solution performance and acceptable levels of performance.</p>
<h3 id="focus-groups">• Focus Groups</h3>
<p>impressions of a solution’s performance.</p>
<h3 id="metrics-and-key-performance-indicators-kpis">• Metrics and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)</h3>
<p>performance.</p>
<h3 id="non-functional-requirements-analysis">• Non-Functional Requirements Analysis</h3>
<p>characteristics of a solution.</p>
<h3 id="observation">• Observation</h3>
<p>performance or to reconcile contradictory results.</p>
<h3 id="prototyping">• Prototyping</h3>
<p>can be determined and collected.</p>
<h3 id="survey-or-questionnaire">• Survey or Questionnaire</h3>
<p>solution performance. Surveys and questionnaires can be effective when large or disparate groups need to be polled.</p>
<h3 id="use-cases-and-scenarios">• Use Cases and Scenarios</h3>
<p>solution.</p>
<h3 id="vendor-assessment">• Vendor Assessment</h3>
<p>measures should be included in the solution’s performance assessment.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-169">169</p>
</section></body>
</html>