<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Guidelines and Tools</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_060">
<p>3.5.5 Guidelines and Tools events with a positive impact.</p>
<p>These actions are likely to result in changes to the business analysis approach, repeatable processes, and tools.</p>
<p><strong>3.5.5</strong></p>
<h2 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h2>
<h3 id="organizational-performance-standards">• Organizational Performance Standards</h3>
<p>or expectations for business analysis work mandated by the organization.</p>
<p><strong>3.5.6</strong></p>
<h2 id="brainstorming">• Brainstorming</h2>
<h2 id="interviews">• Interviews</h2>
<h3 id="item-tracking">• Item Tracking</h3>
<p>business analysis for later resolution.</p>
<h3 id="lessons-learned">• Lessons Learned</h3>
<p>processes, deliverables, templates, and other organizational process assets that can be incorporated into the current initiative and future work.</p>
<h3 id="metrics-and-key-performance-indicators-kpis">• Metrics and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)</h3>
<p>metrics are appropriate for assessing business analysis performance and how they may be tracked.</p>
<h2 id="observation">• Observation</h2>
<h3 id="process-analysis">• Process Analysis</h3>
<p>identify opportunities for improvement.</p>
<h3 id="process-modelling">• Process Modelling</h3>
<p>how to improve those processes to reduce problems from hand-offs, improve cycle times, or alter how business analysis work is performed to support improvements in downstream processes.</p>
<h3 id="reviews">• Reviews</h3>
<p>deliverables that can be incorporated into future work.</p>
<h3 id="risk-analysis-and-management">• Risk Analysis and Management</h3>
<p>conditions or events that may impact business analysis performance.</p>
<h3 id="root-cause-analysis">• Root Cause Analysis</h3>
<p>difficulties in accomplishing business analysis work.</p>
<h3 id="survey-or-questionnaire">• Survey or Questionnaire</h3>
<p>their satisfaction with business analysis activities and deliverables.</p>
<h3 id="workshops">• Workshops</h3>
<p>generate ideas for improvement opportunities.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-50">50</p>
</section></body>
</html>