<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Description</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_238">
<p>10.5.2 Description</p>
<p>Brainstorming <strong>10.5.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Brainstorming is a technique intended to produce a broad or diverse set of options.</p>
<p>It helps answer specific questions such as (but not limited to): • What options are available to resolve the issue at hand?</p>
<p>• What factors are constraining the group from moving ahead with an approach or option?</p>
<p>• What could be causing a delay in activity 'A'?</p>
<p>• What can the group do to solve problem 'B'?</p>
<p>Brainstorming works by focusing on a topic or problem and then coming up with many possible solutions to it. This technique is best applied in a group as it draws on the experience and creativity of all members of the group. In the absence of a group, one could brainstorm on one's own to spark new ideas. To heighten creativity, participants are encouraged to use new ways of looking at things and freely associate in any direction. When facilitated properly, brainstorming can be fun, engaging, and productive.</p>
<h3 id="figure-1051-brainstorming">Figure 10.5.1: Brainstorming</h3>
<p><strong>1. Preparation</strong></p>
<h2 id="define-area">Define Area</h2>
<h2 id="determine-time">Determine Time</h2>
<h2 id="identify">Identify</h2>
<h2 id="participants">Participants</h2>
<h2 id="establish">Establish</h2>
<h3 id="evaluation-criteria">Evaluation Criteria</h3>
<p>of Interest</p>
<h3 id="limit">Limit</h3>
<p><strong>2. Session</strong></p>
<h2 id="share-ideas">Share Ideas</h2>
<h3 id="record-ideas">Record Ideas</h3>
<p>Build on each Elicit as many ideas as possible others ideas <strong>3. Wrap-up</strong></p>
<h2 id="create-list">Create List</h2>
<h2 id="rate-ideas">Rate Ideas</h2>
<h2 id="distribute">Distribute</h2>
<h2 id="final-list">Final List</h2>
<h3 id="discuss">Discuss</h3>
<p>and Evaluate</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-228">228</p>
</section></body>
</html>