<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>The Core Concept Model in Elicitation and</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_064">
<p>The Elicitation and Collaboration knowledge area is composed of the following tasks: information they need to provide and that they understand the nature of the activities they are going to perform. It also sets a shared set of expectations regarding the outcomes of the activity. Preparation may also involve identifying research sources or preparing to conduct an experiment to see if a process change actually results in an improvement. stakeholder needs and identify potential solutions that may meet those needs. This may involve direct interaction with stakeholders, doing research, or running experiments. shared understanding of the outcomes of elicitation, that elicited information is recorded appropriately, and that the business analyst has the information sought from an elicitation activity. This task also involves comparing the information received with other information to look for inconsistencies or gaps. with the information they need, at the time they need it. The information is presented in a useful form, using the right terminology and concepts. stakeholders to engage them in the overall business analysis process and to ensure that the business analyst can deliver the outcomes needed.</p>
<h2 id="the-core-concept-model-in-elicitation-and">The Core Concept Model in Elicitation and</h2>
<h2 id="collaboration">Collaboration</h2>
<h3 id="the">The</h3>
<p>relationships among the six core concepts.</p>
<p>The following table describes the usage and application of each of the core concepts within the context of Elicitation and Collaboration.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-54">54</p>
</section></body>
</html>