<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Usage Considerations</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_345">
<p>10.39.4 Usage Considerations</p>
<p>Root Cause Analysis <strong>10.39.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• Provides procedural checks and balances, as well as data security, by restricting individuals from performing certain actions.</p>
<p>• Promotes improved review of transaction history, in that audit logs can capture details about any assigned authorities at the time.</p>
<p>• Provides documented roles and responsibilities for activities.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• Need to recognize the required level of detail for a specific initiative or activity; too much detail can be time-consuming and not provide value, too little detail can exclude necessary roles or responsibilities.</p>
<p><strong>10.40</strong></p>
<h3 id="root-cause-analysis">Root Cause Analysis</h3>
<p><strong>10.40.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>Root cause analysis is used to identify and evaluate the underlying causes of a problem.</p>
<p><strong>10.40.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Root cause analysis is a systematic examination of a problem or situation that focuses on the problem's origin as the proper point of correction rather than dealing only with its effects. It applies an iterative analysis approach in order to take into account that there might be more than one root cause contributing to the effects. Root cause analysis looks at the main types of causes such as people (human error, lack of training), physical (equipment failure, poor facility), or organizational (faulty process design, poor structure).</p>
<p>Root cause analysis helps organize the information in a framework, which allows for deeper analysis if needed. Root cause analysis can be used for: for corrective action, or action.</p>
<p>Root cause analysis uses four main activities: location, and timing of the effect. specific actions that contribute to the problem.</p>
</section></body>
</html>