<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Stakeholders</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_120">
<p>6.1.7 Stakeholders <strong>6.1.7</strong></p>
<h2 id="stakeholders">Stakeholders</h2>
<h3 id="customer">• Customer</h3>
<p>issues with a current solution.</p>
<h3 id="domain-subject-matter-expert">• Domain Subject Matter Expert</h3>
<p>state.</p>
<h3 id="end-user">• End User</h3>
<p>current solution.</p>
<h3 id="implementation-subject-matter-expert">• Implementation Subject Matter Expert</h3>
<p>current state.</p>
<h3 id="operational-support">• Operational Support</h3>
<p>organization and provides information on their ability to support the operation of an existing solution, as well as any known issues.</p>
<h2 id="project-manager">• Project Manager</h2>
<h3 id="regulator">• Regulator</h3>
<p>current state in the form of business policies, business rules, procedures, or role responsibilities. The regulator might have unique input to the operational assessment, as there might be new laws and regulations with which to comply.</p>
<h2 id="sponsor">• Sponsor</h2>
<h2 id="supplier">• Supplier</h2>
<h3 id="tester">• Tester</h3>
<p><strong>6.1.8</strong></p>
<h2 id="outputs">Outputs</h2>
<h3 id="current-state-description">• Current State Description</h3>
<p>resources, performance, culture, dependencies, infrastructure, external influences, and significant relationships between these elements.</p>
<h3 id="business-requirements">• Business Requirements</h3>
<p>defined based on an understanding of the current state.</p>
<p><strong>6.2</strong> <strong>6.2.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>The purpose of Define Future State is to determine the set of necessary conditions to meet the business need.</p>
<p><strong>6.2.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>All purposeful change must include a definition of success. Business analysts work to ensure that the future state of the enterprise is well defined, that it is achievable with the resources available, and that key stakeholders have a shared</p>
</section></body>
</html>