<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Acceptance and Evaluation Criteria</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_388">
<p>backlog items that will be developed in that cycle. The intent of elicitation activities is to generate just enough detail to ensure that the work at hand is performed correctly while aiming towards the goals. Agile approaches aim to minimize the time between the elaboration of needs and their implementation in the solution. There is a strong focus on collaborative elicitation approaches such as workshops with stakeholders.</p>
<h2 id="acceptance-and-evaluation-criteria">• Acceptance and Evaluation Criteria</h2>
<h3 id="process-modelling-p-318">• Process Modelling (p. 318)</h3>
<p>(p. 217) • Prototyping (p. 323)</p>
<h3 id="backlog-management-p-220">• Backlog Management (p. 220)</h3>
<p>• Reviews (p. 326) • Brainstorming (p. 227)</p>
<h2 id="scope-modelling-p-338">• Scope Modelling (p. 338)</h2>
<h2 id="collaborative-games-p-243">• Collaborative Games (p. 243)</h2>
<h2 id="stakeholder-list-map-or-personas">• Stakeholder List, Map, or Personas</h2>
<h3 id="concept-modelling-p-245">• Concept Modelling (p. 245)</h3>
<p>(p. 344)</p>
<h2 id="interface-analysis-p-287">• Interface Analysis (p. 287)</h2>
<h2 id="use-cases-and-scenarios-p-356">• Use Cases and Scenarios (p. 356)</h2>
<h2 id="mind-mapping-p-299">• Mind Mapping (p. 299)</h2>
<h2 id="user-stories-p-359">• User Stories (p. 359)</h2>
<h3 id="non-functional-requirements">• Non-Functional Requirements</h3>
<p>• Workshops (p. 363) Analysis (p. 302)</p>
<h2 id="agile-extension-techniques">Agile Extension Techniques</h2>
<h2 id="behaviour-driven-development">• Behaviour Driven Development</h2>
<h2 id="storyboarding">• Storyboarding</h2>
<h2 id="lightweight-documentation">• Lightweight Documentation</h2>
<h2 id="story-mapping">• Story Mapping</h2>
<h2 id="personas">• Personas</h2>
<h3 id="3-requirements-life-cycle-management">.3 Requirements Life Cycle Management</h3>
<p>As agile initiatives unfold, the scope is defined with increasing specificity. The expectation is that the needs will change and that the design will evolve over the course of the project. Prioritization of features based on value and development priority drives the work done in each cycle. Validation of the evolving solution with the stakeholders occurs at the end of every iteration in place of a formal requirements approval process.</p>
<h3 id="acceptance-and-evaluation-criteria">• Acceptance and Evaluation Criteria</h3>
<p>• Prioritization (p. 311) (p. 217) • Reviews (p. 326)</p>
<h3 id="backlog-management-p-220">• Backlog Management (p. 220)</h3>
<p>• Workshops (p. 363)</p>
<h2 id="collaborative-games-p-243">• Collaborative Games (p. 243)</h2>
<h2 id="agile-extension-techniques">Agile Extension Techniques</h2>
<h2 id="kano-analysis">• Kano Analysis</h2>
<h2 id="story-decomposition">• Story Decomposition</h2>
<h2 id="moscow-prioritization">• MoSCoW Prioritization</h2>
<h3 id="story-mapping">• Story Mapping</h3>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-378">378</p>
</section></body>
</html>