<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.4 Operational Assessment</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_190">
<p>8.4.5 Guidelines and Tools potential value. Business analysts consider these informal relationships in addition to the formal structure.</p>
<h3 id="4-operational-assessment">.4 Operational Assessment</h3>
<p>The operational assessment is performed to determine if an enterprise is able to adapt to or effectively use a solution. This identifies which processes and tools within the enterprise are adequately equipped to benefit from the solution, and if sufficient and appropriate assets are in place to support it.</p>
<p>When conducting an operational assessment, business analysts consider: • policies and procedures, • capabilities and processes that enable other capabilities, • skill and training needs, • human resources practices, • risk tolerance and management approaches, and • tools and technology that support a solution.</p>
<p><strong>8.4.5</strong></p>
<h2 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h2>
<h3 id="business-objectives">• Business Objectives</h3>
<p>solution performance.</p>
<h3 id="change-strategy">• Change Strategy</h3>
<p>potential value.</p>
<h3 id="future-state-descriptions">• Future State Descriptions</h3>
<p>modified components of the enterprise, as well as the potential value expected from the future state.</p>
<h3 id="risk-analysis-results">• Risk Analysis Results</h3>
<p>modifying the individual risks.</p>
<h3 id="solution-scope">• Solution Scope</h3>
<p><strong>8.4.6</strong></p>
<h3 id="benchmarking-and-market-analysis">• Benchmarking and Market Analysis</h3>
<p>enterprise interactions.</p>
<h2 id="brainstorming">• Brainstorming</h2>
<h3 id="data-mining">• Data Mining</h3>
<p>solution.</p>
<h3 id="decision-analysis">• Decision Analysis</h3>
<p>conditions of uncertainty and may be used in the assessment to make decisions about functional, technical, or procedural gaps.</p>
<h3 id="document-analysis">• Document Analysis</h3>
<p>and structure of the organization.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-180">180</p>
</section></body>
</html>