<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Change Scope,</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_378">
<p>11.1 The Agile Perspective While the business analysis tasks detailed in the be applicable across all areas of business analysis, they are also pertinent to each specific business analysis perspective. Perspectives provide ways to approach business analysis work in a more focused manner suitable to the context. The perspectives help interpret and understand the knowledge areas and tasks in the Each perspective follows a common structure:</p>
<h2 id="change-scope">• Change Scope,</h2>
<h3 id="business-analysis-scope">• Business Analysis Scope,</h3>
<h2 id="methodologies-approaches-and-techniques">• Methodologies, Approaches, and Techniques,</h2>
<h3 id="underlying-competencies-and">• Underlying Competencies, and</h3>
<p>• Impact on Knowledge Areas.</p>
<p><strong>11.1</strong> The Agile Perspective highlights the unique characteristics of business analysis when practiced in the context of agile environments.</p>
<p>Agile is about having a flexible mindset, embodied in a set of values and principles and exhibited by a variety of complementary practices. Agile initiatives involve constant change. Business analysts working on agile initiatives continually reassess, adapt, and adjust their efforts and tactics. Business analysts conduct analysis and deliver work products at the last responsible moment to continually allow flexibility for change; detailed analysis work is not done ahead of time, but just in time to be effectively utilized by the agile team.</p>
<p>Agile business analysis ensures that information is available to the agile team at the right level of detail at the right time. Business analysts help agile teams answer these questions: • What need are we trying to satisfy?</p>
<p>• Is that need worth satisfying?</p>
<p>• Should we deliver something to satisfy that need?</p>
<p>• What is the right thing to do to deliver that need?</p>
<p>Business analysis work is performed continuously throughout an agile initiative and relies heavily on interpersonal skills such as communication, facilitation, coaching, and negotiation. Business analysts are active members of an agile team and often facilitate planning, analyzing, testing, and demonstrating activities. In an agile team, business analysis may be performed by a product manager/owner, business analyst, or by other defined team roles. Business analysts help the team identify modifications in assumptions and other project variations that emerge.</p>
<h3 id="refer-to-the">Refer to the</h3>
<p>the role, mindset, and practices of business analysis in agile approaches, as well as details on the values and principles of the Agile Manifesto (www.agilemanifesto.org).</p>
</section></body>
</html>