<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Payback Period</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_289">
<p>10.20.4 Usage Considerations</p>
<h3 id="payback-period">Payback Period</h3>
<p>The payback period provides a projection on the time period required to generate enough benefits to recover the cost of the change, irrespective of the discount rate. Once the payback period has passed the initiative would normally show a net financial benefit to the organization, unless operating costs rise. There is no standard formula for calculating the payback period. The time period is usually expressed in years or years and months.</p>
<p><strong>10.20.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• Financial analysis allows executive decision makers to objectively compare very different investments from different perspectives.</p>
<p>• Assumptions and estimates built into the benefits and costs, and into the financial calculations, are clearly stated so that they may be challenged or approved.</p>
<p>• It reduces the uncertainty of a change or solution by requiring the identification and analysis of factors that will influence the investment.</p>
<p>• If the context, business need, or stakeholder needs change during a change initiative, it allows the business analyst to objectively re-evaluate the recommended solution.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitation">.2 Limitation</h3>
<p>• Some costs and benefits are difficult to quantify financially.</p>
<p>• Because financial analysis is forward looking, there will always be some uncertainty about expected costs and benefits • Positive financial numbers may give a false sense of security—they may not provide all the information required to understand an initiative.</p>
<p><strong>10.21</strong> <strong>10.21.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>A focus group is a means to elicit ideas and opinions about a specific product, service, or opportunity in an interactive group environment. The participants, guided by a moderator, share their impressions, preferences, and needs.</p>
<p><strong>10.21.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>A focus group is composed of pre-qualified participants whose objective is to discuss and comment on a topic within a context. The participants share their perspectives and attitudes about a topic and discuss them in a group setting. This</p>
</section></body>
</html>