<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 Item Management</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_305">
<p>10.26.4 Usage Considerations</p>
<p>Item Tracking accept, pursue, ignore, mitigate, and avoid. open, assigned, resolved, and cancelled. resolution is proceeding towards closure, as well as approval of its completion. the given due date.</p>
<h3 id="2-item-management">.2 Item Management</h3>
<p>Each item’s resolution is undertaken as prescribed by stakeholder needs and according to any organizational process standards. In some cases, one item may cause another item to be recorded and tracked. In these situations, close attention is needed so that item resolution efforts are not duplicated and are progressing in coordination. Each item must be tracked to its closure or resolution.</p>
<h3 id="3-metrics">.3 Metrics</h3>
<p>All stakeholders benefit from the detailed information that is maintained about any item and its progress. These items can be looked at individually for resolution or even used to define key performance indicators tailored to the item tracking process.</p>
<p>By reviewing this output, stakeholders can determine how well: • items are being resolved by the proper resources, • the initiative is progressing, and • the item tracking process is being utilized.</p>
<p><strong>10.26.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• Ensures concerns around stakeholder requirements are captured, tracked, and resolved to the stakeholder’s satisfaction.</p>
<p>• Allows stakeholders to rank the importance of outstanding items.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• If not careful, the copious recording of data about items may outweigh any benefits realized.</p>
<p>• It may use time that could be better spent on other efforts and stakeholders could become mired in details and statistics.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-295">295</p>
</section></body>
</html>