<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.4 Delivery Approach</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_407">
<p>11.3.2 Business Analysis Scope • increasing strategic alignment, • increasing reliability and stability, • automating error-prone or manual processes, • repairing problems, • making it possible to scale up, enhance, or make more readily available a business capability, and • implementing new functionality and new capabilities.</p>
<h3 id="4-delivery-approach">.4 Delivery Approach</h3>
<p>The delivery of business analysis activities within an IT organization varies greatly.</p>
<p>Initiatives may range from small enhancement efforts which are completed with a single, short time frame release schedule to multi-release, phased implementations.</p>
<p>Short time frame initiatives may involve a single business analyst for a short period of time. Larger efforts frequently involve several business analysts who may coordinate analysis activities in several ways. Business analysts may divide work based on business group involved or by specific activity.</p>
<h3 id="5-major-assumptions">.5 Major Assumptions</h3>
<p>The following is a list of major assumptions of the IT discipline: • business capabilities and processes that use an IT system are delivering value to the organization, • business analysts working from other perspectives can integrate their work with the work of the IT business analysts, and • IT systems changes are usually driven by a business need, although some initiatives may originate from within technology developments.</p>
<p><strong>11.3.2</strong></p>
<h2 id="business-analysis-scope">Business Analysis Scope</h2>
<h3 id="1-change-sponsor">.1 Change Sponsor</h3>
<p>Information technology changes may be requested or sponsored by business sponsors, IT departments, or as a collaboration between the two. These changes should align to organizational strategy and business goals. It is possible for an IT department to initiate change to align with technical strategy or reach technical goals, but an overall organizational strategy alignment is still crucial for change success.</p>
<p>The following list represents possible change sponsors: • technical team, • technical executive, • application owner,</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-397">397</p>
</section></body>
</html>