<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Core Concept</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_145">
<p><strong>Table 7.0.1: The Core Concept Model in Requirements Analysis and Design </strong></p>
<p><strong>Definition</strong></p>
<h2 id="core-concept">Core Concept</h2>
<h3 id="during-requirements-analysis-and-design">During Requirements Analysis and Design</h3>
<p><strong>Definition, business analysts...</strong></p>
<h3 id="change">Change</h3>
<p>in response to a need. transform elicitation results into requirements and designs in order to define the change.</p>
<p><strong>Need</strong> be addressed. analyze the needs in order to recommend a solution that meets the needs.</p>
<h3 id="solution">Solution</h3>
<p>satisfying one or more needs within a context. define solution options and recommend the one that is most likely to address the need and has the most value.</p>
<h3 id="stakeholder">Stakeholder</h3>
<p>individual with a relationship to the change, the need, or the solution. tailor the requirements and designs so that they are understandable and usable by each stakeholder group.</p>
<h3 id="value">Value</h3>
<p>usefulness of something to a stakeholder within a context. analyze and quantify the potential value of the solution options.</p>
<h3 id="context">Context</h3>
<p>influence, are influenced by, and provide understanding of the change. model and describe the context in formats that are understandable and usable by all stakeholders.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-135">135</p>
</section></body>
</html>