<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>RACI matrix: See</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_460">
<p>including scope, budget, schedule, resources, quality, and risk. project scope: The work that must be performed to deliver a product, service, or result with the specified features and functions. proof of concept: A model created to validate the design of a solution without modelling the appearance, materials used in the creation of work, or processes and workflows ultimately used by the stakeholders. prototype: A partial or simulated approximation of the solution for the purpose of eliciting or verifying requirements with stakeholders. <strong>q</strong> quality: The degree to which a set of inherent characteristics fulfills needs. quality assurance: A set of activities performed to ensure that a process will deliver products that meet an appropriate level of quality. quality attributes: A set of measures used to judge the overall quality of a system.</p>
<p>See also questionnaire: A set of defined questions, with a choice of answers, used to collect information from respondents. <strong>r</strong></p>
<h3 id="raci-matrix-see">RACI matrix: See</h3>
<p>regulator: A stakeholder from outside the organization who is responsible for the definition and enforcement of standards. repository: A real or virtual facility where all information on a specific topic is stored and is available for retrieval. request for information (RFI): A formal elicitation method intended to collect information regarding a vendor's capabilities or any other information relevant to a potential upcoming procurement. request for proposal (RFP): A requirements document issued when an organization is seeking a formal proposal from vendors. An RFP typically requires that the proposals be submitted following a specific process and using sealed bids which will be evaluated against a formal evaluation methodology. request for quote (RFQ): A procurement method of soliciting price and solution options from vendors. request for tender (RFT): An open invitation to vendors to submit a proposal for goods or services. requirement: A usable representation of a need. requirements attribute: A characteristic or property of a requirement used to assist with requirements management.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-450">450</p>
</section></body>
</html>