<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Key Concepts</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_014">
<p>1.4.1 Key Concepts techniques described in the common and widespread techniques practiced within the business analysis community. business analysts working from various points of view to better perform business analysis tasks, given the context of the initiative.</p>
<p><strong>1.4.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="key-concepts">Key Concepts</h3>
<p>The Business Analysis Key Concepts chapter provides a basic understanding of the central ideas necessary for understanding the This chapter consists of:</p>
<h2 id="business-analysis-core-concept-model-baccm">• Business Analysis Core Concept Model™ (BACCM™)</h2>
<h2 id="key-terms">• Key Terms</h2>
<h2 id="requirements-classification-schema">• Requirements Classification Schema</h2>
<h2 id="stakeholders">• Stakeholders</h2>
<h3 id="requirements-and-design">• Requirements and Design</h3>
<p><strong>1.4.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="knowledge-areas">Knowledge Areas</h3>
<p>Knowledge areas represent areas of specific business analysis expertise that encompass several tasks.</p>
<p>The six knowledge areas are: Each knowledge area includes a visual representation of its inputs and outputs. business analysts perform to organize and coordinate the efforts of business analysts and stakeholders. These tasks produce outputs that are used as key inputs and guidelines for the other tasks throughout the perform to prepare for and conduct elicitation activities and confirm the results obtained. It also describes the communication with stakeholders once the business analysis information is assembled and the ongoing collaboration with them throughout the business analysis activities. analysts perform in order to manage and maintain requirements and design information from inception to retirement. These tasks describe establishing meaningful relationships between related requirements and designs, and assessing, analyzing and gaining consensus on proposed changes to requirements and designs. performed to collaborate with stakeholders in order to identify a need of strategic or tactical importance (the business need), enable the enterprise to</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-4">4</p>
</section></body>
</html>