<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_254">
<p>10.10.3 Elements</p>
<p>Collaborative Games of the problem or of potential solutions. Many collaborative games can be used to understand the perspectives of various stakeholder groups.</p>
<p>Collaborative games often benefit from the involvement of a neutral facilitator who helps the participants understand the rules of the game and enforces those rules. The facilitator's job is to keep the game moving forward and to help ensure that all participants play a role. Collaborative games usually involve a strong visual or tactile element. Activities such as moving sticky notes, scribbling on whiteboards, or drawing pictures help people to overcome inhibitions, foster creative thinking, and think laterally.</p>
<p><strong>10.10.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-game-purpose">.1 Game Purpose</h3>
<p>Each different collaborative game has a defined purpose—usually to develop a better understanding of a problem or to stimulate creative solutions—that is specific to that type of game. The facilitator helps the participants in the game understand the purpose and work toward the successful realization of that purpose.</p>
<h3 id="2-process">.2 Process</h3>
<p>Each type of collaborative game has a process or set of rules that, when followed, keeps the game moving toward its goal. Each step in the game is often limited by time.</p>
<p>Games typically have at least three steps:</p>
<h3 id="step-1">Step 1.</h3>
<p>an opening step, in which the participants get involved, learn the rules of the game, and start generating ideas,</p>
<h3 id="step-2">Step 2.</h3>
<p>the exploration step, in which participants engage with one another and look for connections between their ideas, test those ideas, and experiment with new ideas, and</p>
<h3 id="step-3">Step 3.</h3>
<p>a closing step, in which the ideas are assessed and participants work out which ideas are likely to be the most useful and productive.</p>
<h3 id="3-outcome">.3 Outcome</h3>
<p>At the end of a collaborative game, the facilitator and participants work through the results and determine any decisions or actions that need to be taken as a result of what the participants have learned.</p>
<h3 id="4-examples-of-collaborative-games">.4 Examples of Collaborative Games</h3>
<p>There are many types of collaborative games available, including (but not limited to) the following:</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-244">244</p>
</section></body>
</html>