<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>The Business Process Management Perspective highlights the unique</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_434">
<p>11.5 The Business Process Management Perspective <strong>11.5</strong></p>
<h3 id="the-business-process-management-perspective-highlights-the-unique">The Business Process Management Perspective highlights the unique</h3>
<p>characteristics of business analysis when practiced in the context of developing or improving business processes.</p>
<p>Business Process Management (BPM) is a management discipline and a set of enabling technologies that: • focuses on how the organization performs work to deliver value across multiple functional areas to customers and stakeholders, • aims for a view of value delivery that spans the entire organization, and • views the organization through a process-centric lens.</p>
<p>A BPM initiative delivers value by implementing improvements to the way work is performed in an organization.</p>
<p>BPM determines how manual and automated processes are created, modified, cancelled, and governed. Organizations that hold a process-centric view treat BPM as an ongoing effort and an integral part of the ongoing management and operation of the organization.</p>
<p><strong>11.5.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="change-scope">Change Scope</h3>
<p>Business analysts working within the BPM discipline may address a single process with limited scope or they may address all of the processes in the organization.</p>
<p>Business analysts frequently focus on how the processes of an organization can be changed in order to improve and meet the objectives of the organization.</p>
<p>BPM life cycles generally include the following activities: state (as-is) and determining how we get to the future state (to-be). The gap between these states may be used to specify stakeholders’ expectations of how the business should be run. process as well as comparing current state (as-is) and future state (to-be).</p>
<p>This phase of the BPM life cycle provides input to requirements and solution design specification, as well as analyzing their potential value. Simulation may use quantitative data so that the potential value of variations on the process can be analyzed and compared. but in terms of the actual execution of processes. The data collected as a result of the actual business process flow is very reliable and objective which makes it a very strong asset in analyzing value and recommending alternatives for design improvement. phases. The results of business process execution and monitoring are utilized to modify models and designs so that all inefficiencies are removed</p>
</section></body>
</html>