<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.3 Participants</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_291">
<p>recorders will be. Consideration may also be given to incentives for participants. allocated appropriately. be held, as well as when any reports or analysis resulting from the focus group are expected. and the intended actions based on the results.</p>
<h3 id="3-participants">.3 Participants</h3>
<p>A successful focus group session has participants who are willing to both offer their insights and perspectives on a specific topic and listen to the opinions of the other participants. A focus group typically has 6 to 12 attendees. It may be necessary to invite additional individuals to compensate for those who do not attend the session due to scheduling conflicts, emergencies, or other reasons. If many participants are needed, it may be necessary to run more than one focus group. Often participants of a focus group are paid for their time.</p>
<p>The demographics of the participants are determined based on the objective of the focus group.</p>
<h3 id="4-discussion-guide">.4 Discussion Guide</h3>
<p>A discussion guide provides the moderator with a prepared script of specific questions and topics for discussion that meet the objective of the session.</p>
<p>Discussion guides also include the structure or framework that the moderator will follow. This includes obtaining general feedback and comments before delving into specifics. Discussion guides also remind the moderator to welcome and introduce the participants, as well as to explain the objectives of the session, how the session will be conducted, and how the feedback will be used.</p>
<h3 id="5-assign-a-moderator-and-recorder">.5 Assign a Moderator and Recorder</h3>
<p>The moderator is both skilled at keeping the session on track and knowledgeable about the initiative. Moderators are able to engage all participants and are adaptable and flexible. The moderator is an unbiased representative of the feedback process.</p>
<p>The recorder takes notes to ensure the participant’s opinions are accurately recorded.</p>
<p>The business analyst can fill the role of either the moderator or the recorder. The moderator and recorder are not considered active participants in the focus group session and do not submit feedback.</p>
<h3 id="6-conduct-the-focus-group">.6 Conduct the Focus Group</h3>
<p>The moderator guides the group’s discussion, follows a prepared script of specific issues, and ensures that the objectives are met. However, the group discussion</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-281">281</p>
</section></body>
</html>