<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Document Analysis</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_157">
<p>7.3.7 Stakeholders</p>
<h3 id="document-analysis">• Document Analysis</h3>
<p>order to validate requirements.</p>
<h3 id="financial-analysis">• Financial Analysis</h3>
<p>requirements.</p>
<h3 id="item-tracking">• Item Tracking</h3>
<p>validation are managed and resolved.</p>
<h3 id="metrics-and-key-performance-indicators-kpis">• Metrics and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)</h3>
<p>performance measures for a solution, solution component, or requirement.</p>
<h3 id="reviews">• Reviews</h3>
<p>needs are met.</p>
<h3 id="risk-analysis-and-management">• Risk Analysis and Management</h3>
<p>would alter the benefit delivered by a requirement.</p>
<p><strong>7.3.7</strong></p>
<h3 id="stakeholders">Stakeholders</h3>
<p><strong>• All stakeholders</strong> users, and sponsors, has the primary responsibility for determining whether or not requirements are validated. Other stakeholders may discover problematic requirements during requirements communication. Therefore, virtually all project stakeholders are involved in this task.</p>
<p><strong>7.3.8</strong></p>
<h3 id="outputs">Outputs</h3>
<p><strong>• Requirements (validated)</strong> can be demonstrated to deliver benefit to stakeholders and align with the business goals and objectives of the change. If a requirement or design cannot be validated, it either does not benefit the organization, does not fall within the solution scope, or both.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-147">147</p>
</section></body>
</html>