<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_316">
<p>10.31.3 Elements</p>
<p>Observation There are two basic approaches for observation: questions as they arise. Despite this interruption to the work flow, the observer can more quickly understand the rationale and hidden processes underlying the activity, such as decision making. A variation of this method may involve even stronger intervention into actors' activities by stimulating them to perform specific tasks. This kind of facilitated observation allows focus on the observer's objectives in order to shorten observation time or elicit specific information. the work. Any concerns are raised once the observation is over. This allows observation of a natural flow of events without intervention by the observer, as well as measurement of the time and quality of work. A variation of this method is video recording the activity and then reviewing it with the person being observed so they may provide further clarification.</p>
<p>Inspection of a person's work environment helps in discovering any tools and information assets involved in performing their activities. This supports understanding of the activities, especially with the purpose of identifying needs and opportunities. This kind of observation is an important part of the technique's variation, and is known as Contextual Inquiry.</p>
<p><strong>10.31.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-observation-objectives">.1 Observation Objectives</h3>
<p>A clear and specific objective establishes a defined purpose of the observation session.</p>
<p>Objectives of an observation session may include: • understanding the activity and its elements such as tasks, tools, events, and interactions, • identifying opportunities for improvement, • establishing performance metrics, or • assessing solutions and validating assumptions.</p>
<h3 id="2-prepare-for-observation">.2 Prepare for Observation</h3>
<p>Preparing for an observation session involves planning the observation approach based on the objectives and deciding who should be viewed performing which activities at what times. While preparing for an observation session, business analysts consider the skill and experience levels of participants, the frequency of the activities being observed, and any existing documentation and analysis related to the work activity. Preparing for observation also includes creating a schedule of observations.</p>
<p>The plan for observation ensures that all stakeholders are aware of the purpose of the observation session, they agree on the expected outcomes, and that the session meets their expectations.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-306">306</p>
</section></body>
</html>