<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.6 Business Architecture</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_117">
<p>of action that can be pursued.</p>
<h3 id="6-business-architecture">.6 Business Architecture</h3>
<p>No part of the current state should be assessed in complete isolation from the rest. Business analysts must understand how all of these elements of the current state fit together and support one another in order to recommend changes that will be effective. The existing business architecture typically meets an assortment of business and stakeholder needs. If those needs are not recognized or do not continue to be met by a proposed transition or future state, changes are likely to result in a loss of value.</p>
<h3 id="7-internal-assets">.7 Internal Assets</h3>
<p>Business analysts identify enterprise assets used in the current state. Resources can be tangible or intangible, such as financial resources, patents, reputation, and brand names.</p>
<h3 id="8-external-influencers">.8 External Influencers</h3>
<p>There are external influences on the enterprise that do not participate in a change but might present constraints, dependencies, or drivers on the current state.</p>
<p>Sources of external influence include: is created within that industry. This is a particularly important influencer if a proposed change involves entering a new industry. within an industry can be significant. The entry of a new competitor may also change the nature of the industry or increase competition. segments can provide influences such as negotiating power and a degree of price sensitivity. Alternatively, the emergence of new alternative ways that customers can meet their needs may drive the enterprise to deliver greater value. can the power that suppliers have over their customers. current and potential impact of laws and regulations upon the industry. technological innovations might influence the need. within the existing and expected macroeconomic environment (for example, trade, unemployment, or inflation) might influence the need.</p>
<p>Some of these sources might use different terminology, based on whether the enterprise is a for-profit corporation, a non-profit enterprise, or a government agency. For example, a country does not have customers; it has citizens.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-107">107</p>
</section></body>
</html>