<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Usage Considerations</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_284">
<p>10.19.4 Usage Considerations When an organization needs a high level of confidence in the estimate of some critical element, it may call on an external expert to perform or review the estimate. The organization may compare an independent estimate against their internal estimate to determine what adjustments may be needed.</p>
<p><strong>10.19.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• Estimates provide a rationale for an assigned budget, time frame, or size of a set of elements.</p>
<p>• Without an estimate, teams making a change may be provided an unrealistic budget or schedule for their work.</p>
<p>• Having a small team of knowledgeable individuals provide an estimate by following a defined technique generally results in a closer predictor of the actual value than if an estimate was made by one individual.</p>
<p>• Updating an estimate throughout a work cycle, in which the estimated elements are refined over time, incorporates knowledge and helps ensure success.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• Estimates are only as accurate as the level of knowledge about the elements being estimated. Without organization or local knowledge, estimates can vary widely from the actual values determined later.</p>
<p>• Using just one estimation method may lead stakeholders to have unrealistic expectations.</p>
<p><strong>10.20</strong> <strong>10.20.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>Financial analysis is used to understand the financial aspects of an investment, a solution, or a solution approach.</p>
<p><strong>10.20.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Financial analysis is the assessment of the expected financial viability, stability, and benefit realization of an investment option. It includes a consideration of the total cost of the change as well as the total costs and benefits of using and supporting the solution.</p>
<p>Business analysts use financial analysis to make a solution recommendation for an investment in a specific change initiative by comparing one solution or solution approach to others, based on analysis of the: • initial cost and the time frame in which those costs are incurred, • expected financial benefits and the time frame in which they will be incurred, • ongoing costs of using the solution and supporting the solution,</p>
</section></body>
</html>