<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Purpose</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_167">
<p>7.6 Analyze Potential Value and Recommend Solution <strong>7.6</strong> <strong>7.6.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<h2 id="the-purpose-of-analyze-potential-value-and-recommend-solution-is-to-estimate">The purpose of Analyze Potential Value and Recommend Solution is to estimate</h2>
<p>the potential value for each design option and to establish which one is most appropriate to meet the enterprise’s requirements.</p>
<p><strong>7.6.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<h3 id="analyze-potential-value-and-recommend-solution-describes-how-to-estimate-and">Analyze Potential Value and Recommend Solution describes how to estimate and</h3>
<p>model the potential value delivered by a set of requirements, designs, or design options. Potential value is analyzed many times over the course of a change. This analysis may be a planned event, or it may be triggered by a modification to the context or scope of the change. The analysis of potential value includes consideration that there is uncertainty in the estimates. Value can be described in terms of finance, reputation, or even impact on the marketplace. Any change may include a mix of increases and decreases in value.</p>
<p>Design options are evaluated by comparing the potential value of each option to the other options. Each option has a mix of advantages and disadvantages to consider. Depending on the reasons for the change, there may be no best option to recommend, or there may be a clear best choice. In some cases this means the best option may be to begin work against more than one design option, perhaps to develop proofs of concept, and then measure the performance of each. In other instances, all proposed designs may be rejected and more analysis may be needed to define a suitable design. It is also possible that the best recommendation is to do nothing.</p>
<p><strong>7.6.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="inputs">Inputs</h2>
<h3 id="potential-value">• Potential Value</h3>
<p>delivered by a design can be evaluated.</p>
<h3 id="design-options">• Design Options</h3>
<p>recommend one option for the solution.</p>
</section></body>
</html>