<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Modelling Language™ (UML</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_352">
<p>10.42.3 Elements</p>
<p>Sequence Diagrams the next are represented as horizontal arrows. The order of the messages is represented in a top-down and left-to-right sequence beginning with the first message at the top left of the page and subsequent messages occurring to the right and below. Sequence diagrams are sometimes called event diagrams.</p>
<p>The standard notation for sequence diagrams is defined as part of the Unified</p>
<h3 id="modelling-language-uml">Modelling Language™ (UML</h3>
<p><strong>10.42.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-lifeline">.1 Lifeline</h3>
<p>A lifeline represents the lifespan of an object during the scenario being modelled in a sequence diagram. The example below shows the object order. A lifeline is drawn as a dashed line that vertically descends from each object box to the bottom of the page.</p>
<h2 id="figure-10421-lifeline">Figure 10.42.1: Lifeline</h2>
<h3 id="2-activation-box">.2 Activation Box</h3>
<p>An activation box represents the period during which an operation is executed. A call to activate is represented by an arrow with a solid arrowhead leading to the activation object. The lifeline can be terminated with an X.</p>
<h2 id="figure-10422-activation-box">Figure 10.42.2: Activation Box</h2>
<h3 id="3-message">.3 Message</h3>
<p>A message is an interaction between two objects. A message is shown as an arrow coming from the activation box of the object that sends the message to the</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-342">342</p>
</section></body>
</html>