<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>The Business Analysis Key Concepts, Underlying Competencies, Techniques, and</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_013">
<p>1.4 Structure of the BABOK® Guide from a variety of sources within an enterprise, including tools, processes, documentation, and stakeholders. The business analyst is responsible for eliciting the actual needs of stakeholders—which frequently involves investigating and clarifying their expressed desires—in order to determine underlying issues and causes.</p>
<p>Business analysts play a role in aligning the designed and delivered solutions with the needs of stakeholders. The activities that business analysts perform include: • understanding enterprise problems and goals, • analyzing needs and solutions, • devising strategies, • driving change, and • facilitating stakeholder collaboration.</p>
<p>Other common job titles for people who perform business analysis include: • business architect, • business systems analyst, • data analyst, • enterprise analyst, • management consultant, • process analyst, • product manager, • product owner, • requirements engineer, and • systems analyst.</p>
<p><strong>1.4</strong> The core content of the organized into knowledge areas. Knowledge areas are a collection of logically (but not sequentially) related tasks. These tasks describe specific activities that accomplish the purpose of their associated knowledge area.</p>
<h3 id="the-business-analysis-key-concepts-underlying-competencies-techniques-and">The Business Analysis Key Concepts, Underlying Competencies, Techniques, and</h3>
<p>Perspectives sections form the extended content in the guide business analysts to better perform business analysis tasks. understand all other content, concepts, and ideas within the</p>
<h3 id="guide">Guide</h3>
<p>characteristics, knowledge, and personal qualities that support the effective practice of business analysis.</p>
</section></body>
</html>