<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Usage Considerations</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_253">
<p>10.9.4 Usage Considerations</p>
<p>Collaborative Games • Override with explanation.</p>
<p>• No active enforcement.</p>
<p>A behavioural rule for which there is no active enforcement is simply a guideline that suggests preferred or optimal business behaviour.</p>
<p><strong>10.9.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• When enforced and managed by a single enterprise-wide engine, changes to business rules can be implemented quickly.</p>
<p>• A centralized repository creates the ability to reuse business rules across an organization.</p>
<p>• Business rules provide structure to govern business behaviours.</p>
<p>• Clearly defining and managing business rules allows organizations to make changes to policy without altering processes or systems.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• Organizations may produce lengthy lists of ambiguous business rules.</p>
<p>• Business rules can contradict one another or produce unanticipated results when combined unless validated against one another.</p>
<p>• If available vocabulary is insufficiently rich, not business-friendly, or poorly defined and organized, resulting business rules will be inaccurate or contradictory.</p>
<p><strong>10.10</strong></p>
<h3 id="collaborative-games">Collaborative Games</h3>
<p><strong>10.10.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>Collaborative games encourage participants in an elicitation activity to collaborate in building a joint understanding of a problem or a solution.</p>
<p><strong>10.10.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Collaborative games refer to several structured techniques inspired by game play and are designed to facilitate collaboration. Each game includes rules to keep participants focused on a specific objective. The games are used to help the participants share their knowledge and experience on a given topic, identify hidden assumptions, and explore that knowledge in ways that may not occur during the course of normal interactions. The shared experience of the collaborative game encourages people with different perspectives on a topic to work together in order to better understand an issue and develop a shared model</p>
</section></body>
</html>