<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Item Tracking (p. 294)</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_400">
<p><strong>.2 Elicitation and Collaboration</strong> The cross-functional nature of business intelligence typically requires business analysts to employ specialized documentation tools and techniques to elicit particular types of requirements from stakeholders, both business and technical.</p>
<p>Individual stakeholders may only possess partial knowledge and expertise regarding: • the business decisions that need support, • the data elements that support those business decisions, • the data sourcing, transformation, and integration rules, and • the presentation of the required information.</p>
<p>Interviews with individual stakeholders identify the information and analytic insight required to support their decision making. Workshops with stakeholders from across different functional areas of the business can help detect common, overlapping information requirements that would be better met with an integrated solution.</p>
<p>Data models and data dictionaries provide definitions of the structure and business rules of existing systems data. The business analyst assesses available documentation to identify incompleteness of a model or inconsistencies between models.</p>
<p>Process models that are extended to include data artifacts can help identify the data sources required at decision points. Decision models specify the data analytic requirements and business rules for decisions.</p>
<p>Commercial off-the-shelf packages of business intelligence functionality can provide the business analyst with a set of highly effective prototyping tools to elicit and clarify stakeholder information and communication requirements.</p>
<p>• Brainstorming (p. 227)</p>
<h2 id="item-tracking-p-294">• Item Tracking (p. 294)</h2>
<h3 id="document-analysis-p-269">• Document Analysis (p. 269)</h3>
<p>• Observation (p. 305)</p>
<h3 id="focus-groups-p-279">• Focus Groups (p. 279)</h3>
<p>• Prototyping (p. 323)</p>
<h3 id="functional-decomposition-p-283">• Functional Decomposition (p. 283)</h3>
<p>• Workshops (p. 363) • Glossary (p. 286)</p>
<h3 id="stakeholder-list-map-or-personas">• Stakeholder List, Map, or Personas</h3>
<p>(p. 344)</p>
<h2 id="interface-analysis-p-287">• Interface Analysis (p. 287)</h2>
<h3 id="survey-or-questionnaire-p-350">• Survey or Questionnaire (p. 350)</h3>
<p>• Interviews (p. 290)</p>
<h3 id="3-requirements-life-cycle-management">.3 Requirements Life Cycle Management</h3>
<p>The architectural nature of the business intelligence discipline requires establishing the infrastructure capabilities in the solution. This can introduce structural dependencies within the solution, particularly where delivery is phased,</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-390">390</p>
</section></body>
</html>