<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Stakeholder List, Map, or Personas</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_431">
<p>• Glossary (p. 286)</p>
<h3 id="stakeholder-list-map-or-personas">• Stakeholder List, Map, or Personas</h3>
<p>(p. 344)</p>
<h3 id="metrics-and-key-performance">• Metrics and Key Performance</h3>
<p>Indicators (KPIs) (p. 297)</p>
<h2 id="survey-or-questionnaire-p-350">• Survey or Questionnaire (p. 350)</h2>
<h2 id="organizational-modelling-p-308">• Organizational Modelling (p. 308)</h2>
<h3 id="swot-analysis-p-353">• SWOT Analysis (p. 353)</h3>
<p>• Reviews (p. 326) • Workshops (p. 363)</p>
<h3 id="risk-analysis-and-management">• Risk Analysis and Management</h3>
<p>(p. 329)</p>
<h2 id="other-business-analysis-techniques">Other Business Analysis Techniques</h2>
<h2 id="archimate">• Archimate</h2>
<h2 id="project-portfolio-analysis">• Project Portfolio Analysis</h2>
<h2 id="business-process-architecture">• Business Process Architecture</h2>
<h2 id="roadmap">• Roadmap</h2>
<h2 id="capability-map">• Capability Map</h2>
<h2 id="service-oriented-analysis">• Service-oriented Analysis</h2>
<h2 id="customer-journey-map">• Customer Journey Map</h2>
<h2 id="strategy-map">• Strategy Map</h2>
<h2 id="enterprise-core-diagram">• Enterprise Core Diagram</h2>
<h3 id="value-mapping">• Value Mapping</h3>
<h3 id="5-requirements-analysis-and-design-definition">.5 Requirements Analysis and Design Definition</h3>
<p>Business architecture provides individual architectural views into the organization through a variety of models that are selected for the stakeholders utilizing the view. These architectural views can be provided by capability and value maps, organizational maps, and information and business process models. Business analysts working in the discipline of business architecture employ expertise, judgment, and experience when deciding what is (and what is not) important to model. Models are intended to provide context and information that result in better requirements analysis and design.</p>
<p>The architectural context and the ability to reference readily available architectural views provides information that would have otherwise been based on assumptions that the analyst must make because no other information was available. By providing this information, business architecture minimizes the risk of duplication of efforts in creating capabilities, systems, or information that already exist elsewhere in the enterprise.</p>
<p>Design is done in conjunction with understanding needs and requirements.</p>
<p>Business architecture provides the context to analyze the strategic alignment of proposed changes and the effects those changes have upon each other. Business architects synthesize knowledge and insights from multiple architectural views to determine if proposed changes work towards or conflict with the organization's goals.</p>
<p>Business architecture attempts to ensure that the enterprise as a whole continues to deliver value to stakeholders both during normal operations and during change. Business analysts working in the discipline of business architecture focus on the value provided by the organization from a holistic view. They attempt to avoid local optimization where effort and resources are put into a single process or system improvement which does not align with the strategy and garners no meaningful impact to the enterprise as a whole—or worse, sub-optimizes the whole.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-421">421</p>
</section></body>
</html>