<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Figure 11.5.1: Business Analyst Roles in a BPM Initiative</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_439">
<p>particular BPM initiative. Process architects enhance and transform business processes into technically enhanced and executable process templates.</p>
<p>Depending on the BPM initiative, process architects may be focused on managing business performance or on mapping technology to business operations. Process architects are responsible for developing and maintaining standards and the repository of reference models for products and services, business processes, key performance indicators (KPIs), and critical success factors (CSF). They are engaged in process analysis and transformation initiatives. interest. They are experts in documenting and understanding process design along with performance trends. Process analysts/designers have an interest in business process optimization to increase overall business performance. This goal requires an understanding of the detailed process and includes performing the necessary analysis for process optimization.</p>
<p>They perform analysis and assessment of as-is processes, evaluate alternate process design options, and make recommendations for change based on various frameworks. to-be) processes. The process modeller is frequently a process analyst working to document a process for implementation or support by an information technology system.</p>
<p>The process analyst/designer and the process modeller functions frequently reside within a single position.</p>
<h2 id="figure-1151-business-analyst-roles-in-a-bpm-initiative">Figure 11.5.1: Business Analyst Roles in a BPM Initiative</h2>
<h2 id="process-change-initiative">Process Change Initiative</h2>
<h2 id="ongoing">Ongoing</h2>
<h2 id="business-analyst">Business Analyst</h2>
<h2 id="project">Project</h2>
<h2 id="manager">Manager</h2>
<h2 id="process">Process</h2>
<h2 id="functional">Functional</h2>
<h2 id="staff">Staff</h2>
<h2 id="owner">Owner</h2>
<h2 id="manager">Manager</h2>
<h2 id="process-architect">Process Architect</h2>
<h2 id="process">Process</h2>
<h2 id="analyst">Analyst</h2>
<h2 id="designer">&amp; Designer</h2>
<h2 id="process-manager">Process Manager</h2>
<h2 id="process">Process</h2>
<h2 id="participants">Participants</h2>
<h2 id="process-project">Process Project</h2>
<h2 id="process">Process</h2>
<h2 id="modeller">Modeller</h2>
<h2 id="manager">Manager</h2>
<h2 id="key-stakeholder">Key Stakeholder</h2>
<h3 id="implementation">Implementation</h3>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-429">429</p>
</section></body>
</html>