<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 Document Review and Analysis</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_280">
<p>10.18.4 Usage Considerations</p>
<p>Document Analysis • whether or not the content is understandable and can be easily conveyed to stakeholders as needed, and • defining both the data to be mined (based on the classes of data needed) and the data clusters that provide items grouped by logical relationships.</p>
<h3 id="2-document-review-and-analysis">.2 Document Review and Analysis</h3>
<p>Performing document analysis includes: • Conducting a detailed review of each document’s content and recording relevant notes associated with each topic. Notes can be recorded using a document analysis chart that includes the topic, type, source, verbatim details, a paraphrased critique, and any follow-up issues or actions for each document that is reviewed.</p>
<p>• Identifying if any notes conflict or are duplicates.</p>
<p>• Noting any gaps in knowledge in which the findings about certain topics are limited. It may be necessary to perform additional research to revisit these topics, or to drill down at a sub-topic level.</p>
<h3 id="3-record-findings">.3 Record Findings</h3>
<p>When the information elicited through document analysis is used in a work product, the business analyst considers: • if the content and level of detail is appropriate for the intended audience, and • if the material should be transformed into visual aids such as graphs, models, process flows, or decision tables in order to help improve understanding.</p>
<p><strong>10.18.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• Existing source material may be used as a basis for analysis.</p>
<p>• The business analyst does not need to create content.</p>
<p>• Existing sources, although possibly outdated, can be used as a point of reference to determine what is current and what has changed.</p>
<p>• Results can be used to validate against the results of other requirements elicitation techniques.</p>
<p>• Findings can be presented in formats that permit ease of review and reuse.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• Existing documentation may be out of date or invalid (incorrect, missing information, unreadable, unreviewed or unapproved).</p>
<p>• Authors may not be available for questions.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-270">270</p>
</section></body>
</html>