<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Core Concept</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_023">
<p>The Business Analysis Core Concept Model™</p>
<p><strong>Table 2.1.1: The BACCM (Continued)</strong></p>
<h2 id="core-concept">Core Concept</h2>
<h2 id="description">Description</h2>
<h3 id="stakeholder">Stakeholder</h3>
<p>A group or individual with a relationship to the change, the need, or the solution.</p>
<p>Stakeholders are often defined in terms of interest in, impact on, and influence over the change. Stakeholders are grouped based on their relationship to the needs, changes, and solutions.</p>
<h3 id="value">Value</h3>
<p>The worth, importance, or usefulness of something to a stakeholder within a context.</p>
<p>Value can be seen as potential or realized returns, gains, and improvements. It is also possible to have a decrease in value in the form of losses, risks, and costs.</p>
<p>Value can be tangible or intangible. Tangible value is directly measurable. Tangible value often has a significant monetary component. Intangible value is measured indirectly.</p>
<p>Intangible value often has a significant motivational component, such as a company's reputation or employee morale.</p>
<p>In some cases, value can be assessed in absolute terms, but in many cases is assessed in relative terms: one solution option is more valuable than another from the perspective of a given set of stakeholders.</p>
<h3 id="context">Context</h3>
<p>The circumstances that influence, are influenced by, and provide understanding of the change.</p>
<p>Changes occur within a context. The context is everything relevant to the change that is within the environment.</p>
<p>Context may include attitudes, behaviours, beliefs, competitors, culture, demographics, goals, governments, infrastructure, languages, losses, processes, products, projects, sales, seasons, terminology, technology, weather, and any other element meeting the definition.</p>
<p>The core concepts can be used by business analysts to consider the quality and completeness of the work being done. Within each knowledge area description there are examples of how the core concepts may be used and/or applied during the tasks within the knowledge area. While planning or performing a task or technique, business analysts can consider how each core concept is addressed by asking questions such as: • What are the kinds of • What are the • What are the</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-13">13</p>
</section></body>
</html>