<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Table 11.4.2: Business Architecture Techniques (Continued)</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_426">
<p>11.4.4 Underlying Competencies</p>
<h2 id="table-1142-business-architecture-techniques-continued">Table 11.4.2: Business Architecture Techniques (Continued)</h2>
<h2 id="technique">Technique</h2>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Provides a method for developing enterprise architecture.</p>
<h3 id="phase-b-of-the-togaf-architecture-development-method">Phase B of the TOGAF Architecture Development Method</h3>
<p>(ADM) is focused on the development of business architecture. Organizations following TOGAF may choose to tailor Phase B to adopt the business architecture blueprints, techniques, and references described in the</p>
<h2 id="the-open-group">The Open Group</h2>
<h2 id="architecture">Architecture</h2>
<h3 id="framework">Framework</h3>
<p>(TOGAF</p>
<h3 id="value-mapping">Value Mapping</h3>
<p>Value mapping provides a holistic representation of the stream of activities required to deliver value. It is used to identify areas of potential improvement in an end–to–end process. Although there are several different types of value mapping, a value stream is often used in business architecture.</p>
<h2 id="zachman">Zachman</h2>
<h3 id="framework">Framework</h3>
<p>Provides an ontology of enterprise primitive concepts based on a matrix of six interrogatives (what, how, where, who, when, why) and six levels of abstraction (executive, business management, architect, engineer, technician, enterprise). Business architects may find that exploring the executive or business management perspectives across the different interrogatives provides clarity and insight.</p>
<p><strong>11.4.4</strong> In addition to the underlying competencies, business analysts working in the discipline of business architecture require: • a high tolerance for ambiguity and uncertainty, • the ability to put things into a broader context, • the ability to transform requirements and context into a concept or design of a solution.</p>
<p>• the ability to suppress unnecessary detail to provide higher level views, • the ability to think in long time frames over multiple years, • the ability to deliver tactical outcomes (short term), which simultaneously provide immediate value and contribute to achieving the business strategy (long term), • the ability to interact with people at the executive level, • the ability to consider multiple scenarios or outcomes, • the ability to lead and direct change in organizations, and • a great deal of political acumen.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-416">416</p>
</section></body>
</html>