<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 Behavioural Rules</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_252">
<p>Business Rules Analysis knowledge of the organization. Definitional rules cannot be violated but they can be misapplied. An example of a definitional rule is: <em>A customer must be considered a Preferred Customer if they place more </em> <em>than 10 orders per month.</em></p>
<p>Definitional rules often prescribe how information may be derived, inferred or calculated based on information available to the business. An inference or calculation may be the result of multiple rules, each building on something inferred or calculated by some other(s). Sets of definitional rules are often used to make operational business decisions during some process or upon some event.</p>
<p>An example of a calculation rule is: <em>An order's local jurisdiction tax amount must be calculated as (sum of the </em> <em>prices of all the order's taxable ordered items) × local jurisdiction tax rate </em> <em>amount.</em></p>
<h3 id="2-behavioural-rules">.2 Behavioural Rules</h3>
<p>Behavioural rules are people rules–even if the behaviour is automated.</p>
<p>Behavioural rules serve to shape (govern) day-to-day business activity. They do so by placing some obligation or prohibition on conduct, action, practice, or procedure.</p>
<p>Behavioural rules are rules the organization chooses to enforce as a matter of policy, often to reduce risk or enhance productivity. They frequently make use of the information or knowledge produced by definitional rules (which are about shaping knowledge or information). Behavioural rules are intended to guide the actions of people working within the organization, or people who interact with it.</p>
<p>They may oblige individuals to perform actions in a certain way, prevent them from carrying out actions, or prescribe the conditions under which something can be correctly done. An example of a behavioural rule is: <em>An order must not be placed when the billing address provided by the </em> <em>customer does not match the address on file with the credit card provider.</em></p>
<p>In contrast to definitional rules, behavioural rules are rules that can be violated directly. By definition, it is always possible to violate a behavioural rule—even if there are no circumstances under which the organization would approve that, and despite the fact that the organization takes extraordinary precautions in its solution to prevent it. Because of this, further analysis should be conducted to determine how strictly the rule needs to be enforced, what kinds of sanctions should be imposed when it is violated, and what additional responses to a violation might be appropriate. Such analysis often leads to specification of additional rules.</p>
<p>Various levels of enforcement may be specified for a behavioural rule. For example: • Allow no violations (strictly enforced).</p>
<p>• Override by authorized actor.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-242">242</p>
</section></body>
</html>