<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Purpose</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_240">
<p>10.6 Business Capability Analysis <strong>10.6</strong> <strong>10.6.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>Business capability analysis provides a framework for scoping and planning by generating a shared understanding of outcomes, identifying alignment with strategy, and providing a scope and prioritization filter.</p>
<p><strong>10.6.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Business capability analysis describes what an enterprise, or part of an enterprise, is able to do. Business capabilities describe the ability of an enterprise to act on or transform something that helps achieve a business goal or objective. Capabilities may be assessed for performance and associated risks to identify specific performance gaps and prioritize investments. Many product development efforts are an attempt to improve the performance of an existing business capability or to deliver a new one. As long as an enterprise continues to perform similar functions, the capabilities required by the enterprise should remain constant—even if the method of execution for those capabilities undergoes significant change.</p>
<p><strong>10.6.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-capabilities">.1 Capabilities</h3>
<p>Capabilities are the abilities of an enterprise to perform or transform something that helps achieve a business goal or objective. Capabilities describe the purpose or outcome of the performance or transformation, not how the performance or transformation is performed. Each capability is found only once on a capability map, even if it is possessed by multiple business units.</p>
<h3 id="2-using-capabilities">.2 Using Capabilities</h3>
<p>Capabilities impact value through increasing or protecting revenue, reducing or preventing cost, improving service, achieving compliance, or positioning the company for the future. Not all capabilities have the same level of value. There are various tools that can be used to make value explicit in a capability assessment.</p>
<h3 id="3-performance-expectations">.3 Performance Expectations</h3>
<p>Capabilities can be assessed to identify explicit performance expectations. When a capability is targeted for improvement, a specific performance gap can be identified. The performance gap is the difference between the current performance and the desired performance, given the business strategy.</p>
<h3 id="4-risk-model">.4 Risk Model</h3>
<p>Capabilities alone do not have risks—the risks are in the performance of the capability, or in the lack of performance.</p>
</section></body>
</html>