<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Impact on Knowledge Areas</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_445">
<p>11.5.4 Underlying Competencies <strong>11.5.4</strong> Business analysts working within the discipline of business process management are required to challenge the status quo, dig to understand the root causes of a problem, assess why things are being done in a particular way, and encourage subject matter experts (SMEs) to consider new ideas and approaches to make their processes more efficient and effective. They are also required to understand, articulate, and move back and forth between internal and external views of the processes under analysis.</p>
<p>Due to the effects that changes to processes have on the working habits of individuals, interaction skills are valuable in a BPM initiative. Business analysts frequently negotiate and arbitrate between individuals with different opinions, and expose and resolve conflicts between different groups within the organization. The business analyst is a neutral and independent facilitator of the change.</p>
<p>BPM initiatives are likely to involve all levels of the organization and the business analyst is required to communicate across organizational boundaries as well as outside the organization.</p>
<p><strong>11.5.5</strong></p>
<h3 id="impact-on-knowledge-areas">Impact on Knowledge Areas</h3>
<p>This section explains how specific business analysis practices within business process management are mapped to business analysis tasks and practices as defined by the area is applied or modified within the business process management discipline.</p>
<p>Each knowledge area lists techniques relevant to a business process management perspective. the chapter, but are considered to be particularly useful to business analysts working in the discipline of business process management. This is not intended to be an exhaustive list of techniques but rather to highlight the types of techniques used by business analysts while performing the tasks within the knowledge area.</p>
<h3 id="1-business-analysis-planning-and-monitoring">.1 Business Analysis Planning and Monitoring</h3>
<p>Progressive elaboration is common in the planning of BPM initiatives due to the fact that the amount of information available for full planning may be limited in the initial stages. BPM initiatives involve continuous improvement activities, and a common cause of failure of BPM initiatives is the failure to plan for ongoing monitoring of the effect of changes to the process. In BPM initiatives, the initial focus of business analysis work is on analyzing and improving the business process before looking at the technology used to support the process, and any changes that might be required to software applications or work procedures.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-435">435</p>
</section></body>
</html>