<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Requirements Management Tools/Repository</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_100">
<p>5.3.6 Techniques</p>
<h3 id="requirements-management-toolsrepository">• Requirements Management Tools/Repository</h3>
<p>attribute for prioritization can help the business analyst to sort and access requirements by priority.</p>
<h3 id="solution-scope">• Solution Scope</h3>
<p>managed.</p>
<p><strong>5.3.6</strong></p>
<h3 id="backlog-management">• Backlog Management</h3>
<p>backlog can be the location where the prioritization is maintained.</p>
<h3 id="business-cases">• Business Cases</h3>
<p>and objectives to determine importance.</p>
<h2 id="decision-analysis">• Decision Analysis</h2>
<h2 id="estimation">• Estimation</h2>
<h3 id="financial-analysis">• Financial Analysis</h3>
<p>and how the timing of delivery will affect that value.</p>
<h3 id="interviews">• Interviews</h3>
<p>stakeholders' basis of prioritization or priorities.</p>
<h2 id="item-tracking">• Item Tracking</h2>
<h2 id="prioritization">• Prioritization</h2>
<h3 id="risk-analysis-and-management">• Risk Analysis and Management</h3>
<p>prioritization.</p>
<h3 id="workshops">• Workshops</h3>
<p>prioritization or priorities in a facilitated group setting.</p>
<p><strong>5.3.7</strong></p>
<h2 id="stakeholders">Stakeholders</h2>
<h3 id="customer">• Customer</h3>
<p>customer or end-user perspective. The customer can also negotiate to have the prioritization changed based on relative value.</p>
<h3 id="end-user">• End User</h3>
<p>customer or end-user perspective.</p>
<h3 id="implementation-subject-matter-expert">• Implementation Subject Matter Expert</h3>
<p>dependencies and can negotiate to have the prioritization changed based on technical constraints.</p>
<h3 id="project-manager">• Project Manager</h3>
<p>the allocation of requirements to releases.</p>
<h3 id="regulator">• Regulator</h3>
<p>regulatory constraints.</p>
<h3 id="sponsor">• Sponsor</h3>
<p>organizational perspective.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-90">90</p>
</section></body>
</html>