<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.3 Composite Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_259">
<p>10.12.4 Usage Considerations</p>
<p>Data Dictionary dictionary: the composite data elements. stakeholders. may be expressed as an enumerated list or as a description of allowed formats for the data (including information such as the number of characters). If the values are abbreviated this will include an explanation of the meaning. solution.</p>
<h3 id="3-composite-elements">.3 Composite Elements</h3>
<p>Composite data elements are built using data elements to build composite structures, which may include: composite structure. For example, a plus sign indicates that one element is followed by or concatenated with another element: Customer Name = First</p>
<h3 id="namemiddle-namefamily-name">Name+Middle Name+Family Name.</h3>
<p>multiple times. composite element.</p>
<p><strong>10.12.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• Provides all stakeholders with a shared understanding of the format and content of relevant information.</p>
<p>• A single repository of corporate metadata promotes the use of data throughout the organization in a consistent manner.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• Requires regular maintenance, otherwise the metadata could become obsolete or incorrect.</p>
<p>• All maintenance is required to be completed in a consistent manner in order to ensure that stakeholders can quickly and easily retrieve the information they need. This requires time and effort on the part of the stewards responsible for the accuracy and completeness of the data dictionary.</p>
<p>• Unless care is taken to consider the metadata required by multiple scenarios, it may have limited value across the enterprise.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-249">249</p>
</section></body>
</html>