<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Figure 10.35.1: Flowchart</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_330">
<p><strong>Flowchart</strong> Flowcharts are used commonly with non-technical audiences and are good for gaining both alignment with what the process is and context for a solution. A flowchart can be simple, displaying just the sequence of activities, or it can be more comprehensive, using swimlanes. A swimlane is a partitioned area (horizontal or vertical) that segregates those activities in the process that are carried out by a particular role.</p>
<h2 id="figure-10351-flowchart">Figure 10.35.1: Flowchart</h2>
<h2 id="swimlane-for-role-1">Swimlane for Role 1</h2>
<h2 id="swimlane-for-role-2">Swimlane for Role 2</h2>
<h3 id="start">Start</h3>
<p>The flow of work splits.</p>
<p>Tasks are executed in parallel.</p>
<h3 id="task-1">Task 1</h3>
<p><strong>Task 2A</strong> <strong>Task 2B</strong></p>
<h3 id="inputoutput">Input/Output</h3>
<p>Flow merge into a task.</p>
<h2 id="sub-process">Sub-Process</h2>
<h2 id="false">False</h2>
<h2 id="decision">Decision</h2>
<h2 id="task-3">Task 3</h2>
<h3 id="true">True</h3>
<p>A sub-process embeds another process model.</p>
<h3 id="stop">Stop</h3>
<p>Swimlanes are an unofficial, but common, extension to the flowcharting standard.</p>
<h3 id="business-process-model-and-notation-bpmn">Business Process Model and Notation (BPMN)</h3>
<h3 id="business-process-model-and-notation-bpmn-provides-an-industry-standard">Business Process Model and Notation (BPMN) provides an industry-standard</h3>
<p>language for modelling business processes in a form that is accessible by both business users and technical developers. BPMN is designed to cover many types of modelling, including both internal (private) processes and collaborative (public) processes. It can be the input to process automation technologies.</p>
<p>A key feature of BPMN is its ability to distinguish the activities of different participants in a process with pools and swimlanes. When the flow of work crosses the boundary of a swimlane, responsibility for the work then passes to</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-320">320</p>
</section></body>
</html>