<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Acceptance and Evaluation Criteria</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_447">
<p><strong>.3 Requirements Life Cycle Management</strong> BPM is a set of approaches that focus on ways to deliver value across multiple functional areas through a process-centric lens. Delivering additional value is often related to deliberately undertaking change but could also result from an ad hoc request or review of processes. The impact of BPM activities on requirements life cycle management is significant as it can drive out business requirements resulting in new design, coding, implementation, and post-implementation changes. It is the responsibility of the business analyst to maintain this connection and ensure that communication is effectively conducted with stakeholders and process owners who are the ultimate decision makers when it is about processes, change, and supporting solutions.</p>
<p>The documentation of business processes is available to all stakeholders as it is to be used in the daily operation of the business. If the process is automated through a BPMS, the representation of the process may be directly executable.</p>
<h3 id="acceptance-and-evaluation-criteria">• Acceptance and Evaluation Criteria</h3>
<p>• Prioritization (p. 311) (p. 217)</p>
<h2 id="process-analysis-p-314">• Process Analysis (p. 314)</h2>
<h2 id="backlog-management-p-220">• Backlog Management (p. 220)</h2>
<h3 id="process-modelling-p-318">• Process Modelling (p. 318)</h3>
<p>• Brainstorming (p. 227) • Prototyping (p. 323)</p>
<h2 id="business-rules-analysis-p-240">• Business Rules Analysis (p. 240)</h2>
<h2 id="scope-modelling-p-338">• Scope Modelling (p. 338)</h2>
<h3 id="non-functional-requirements">• Non-Functional Requirements</h3>
<p>• Workshops (p. 363) Analysis (p. 302)</p>
<h3 id="other-business-analysis-techniques">Other Business Analysis Techniques</h3>
<p>• none</p>
<h3 id="4-strategy-analysis">.4 Strategy Analysis</h3>
<p>In a BPM context, strategy analysis involves understanding the role the process plays in an enterprise value chain. At a minimum, any process that interacts with the processes affected by the initiative must be considered.</p>
<p>The current state is likely to be described by the as-is value chain and the current performance measures for the business process. The future state will be described by the to-be value chain and target performance measures. Continuous improvement methods may simply focus on the performance measures to determine the strategy. The change strategy will involve the identification of possible process changes.</p>
<h2 id="document-analysis-p-269">• Document Analysis (p. 269)</h2>
<h2 id="lessons-learned-p-296">• Lessons Learned (p. 296)</h2>
<h2 id="functional-decomposition-p-283">• Functional Decomposition (p. 283)</h2>
<h3 id="process-analysis-p-314">• Process Analysis (p. 314)</h3>
<p>• Interviews (p. 290)</p>
<h3 id="process-modelling-p-318">• Process Modelling (p. 318)</h3>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-437">437</p>
</section></body>
</html>