<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Sponsor</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_192">
<p>8.4.8 Outputs requirements. There may be laws and regulations that must be complied with prior to (or as a result of) a planned or implemented change.</p>
<h3 id="sponsor">• Sponsor</h3>
<p>champions action to resolve problems identified in the organizational assessment.</p>
<p><strong>8.4.8</strong></p>
<h2 id="outputs">Outputs</h2>
<h3 id="enterprise-limitation">• Enterprise Limitation</h3>
<p>including how the solution performance is impacting the enterprise.</p>
<p><strong>8.5</strong> <strong>8.5.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<h3 id="the-purpose-of-recommend-actions-to-increase-solution-value-is-to-understand">The purpose of Recommend Actions to Increase Solution Value is to understand</h3>
<p>the factors that create differences between potential value and actual value, and to recommend a course of action to align them.</p>
<p><strong>8.5.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>The various tasks in the Solution Evaluation knowledge area help to measure, analyze, and determine causes of unacceptable solution performance. The task</p>
<h3 id="recommend-actions-to-increase-solution-value-p-182-focuses-on">Recommend Actions to Increase Solution Value (p. 182), focuses on</h3>
<p>understanding the aggregate of the performed assessments and identifying alternatives and actions to improve solution performance and increase value realization.</p>
<p>Recommendations generally identify how a solution should be replaced, retired, or enhanced. They may also consider long-term effects and contributions of the solution to stakeholders. They may include recommendations to adjust the organization to allow for maximum solution performance and value realization.</p>
<p><strong>8.5.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="inputs">Inputs</h2>
<h3 id="enterprise-limitation">• Enterprise Limitation</h3>
<p>including how the solution performance is impacting the enterprise.</p>
<h3 id="solution-limitation">• Solution Limitation</h3>
<p>including constraints and defects.</p>
</section></body>
</html>