<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Guide</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_377">
<p>Perspectives are used within business analysis work to provide focus to tasks and techniques specific to the context of the initiative. Most initiatives are likely to engage one or more perspectives. The perspectives included in the</p>
<h2 id="guide">Guide</h2>
<h2 id="agile">• Agile,</h2>
<h2 id="business-intelligence">• Business Intelligence,</h2>
<h2 id="information-technology">• Information Technology,</h2>
<h2 id="business-architecture-and">• Business Architecture, and</h2>
<h3 id="business-process-management">• Business Process Management.</h3>
<p>These perspectives do not presume to represent all the possible perspectives from which business analysis is practiced. The perspectives discussed in the</p>
<h3 id="guide">Guide</h3>
<p>of writing.</p>
<p>Any given initiative includes one, many, or all of these perspectives. For example, an initiative may have a technology component (Information Technology Perspective), the technology component may mean business process changes (Business Process Management Perspective), the initiative may decide to do part, or all of the work with an agile approach (Agile Perspective). Another initiative may merge two organizations and need to look at the business capabilities and how the transformation impacts those capabilities (Business Architecture Perspective), and the business leaders need updated information for decision making and analysis (Business Intelligence Perspective). Large or complex initiatives will likely employ all perspectives.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-367">367</p>
</section></body>
</html>