<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Figure 3.1.2: Formality and Level of Detail of Business Analysis Deliverables</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_037">
<p>Other considerations that may affect the approach include: • the change is complex and high risk, • the organization is in, or interacts with, heavily regulated industries, • contracts or agreements necessitate formality, • stakeholders are geographically distributed, • resources are outsourced, • staff turnover is high and/or team members may be inexperienced, • requirements must be formally signed off, and • business analysis information must be maintained long-term or handed over for use on future initiatives.</p>
<h2 id="figure-312-formality-and-level-of-detail-of-business-analysis-deliverables">Figure 3.1.2: Formality and Level of Detail of Business Analysis Deliverables</h2>
<h2 id="approach">Approach</h2>
<h2 id="predictive">Predictive</h2>
<h3 id="adaptive">Adaptive</h3>
<p>Defined before implementation to maximize control and minimize risk.</p>
<p>Defined in iterations to arrive at best solution or improve an existing solution.</p>
<h2 id="solution">Solution</h2>
<h3 id="definition">Definition</h3>
<p>Formal—information is captured in standardized templates.</p>
<p>Informal—information is gathered through team interaction and feedback.</p>
<h2 id="level-of">Level of</h2>
<h3 id="formality">Formality</h3>
<p>Activities required to complete deliverables are identified first and then divided into tasks.</p>
<p>Activities are divided into iterations with deliverables first and then the associated tasks are identified.</p>
<h3 id="activities">Activities</h3>
<p>Tasks are performed in specific phases.</p>
<p>Tasks are performed iteratively.</p>
<h2 id="timing">Timing</h2>
<h3 id="3-business-analysis-activities">.3 Business Analysis Activities</h3>
<p>A business analysis approach provides a description of the types of activities that the business analyst will perform. Frequently the organization’s adopted methodologies influence the activities that are selected.</p>
<p>Integrating business analysis activities in the business analysis approach includes: • identifying the activities required to complete each deliverable and then breaking each activity into tasks, • dividing the work into iterations, identifying the deliverables for each iteration, and then identifying the associated activities and tasks, or</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-27">27</p>
</section></body>
</html>