<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Description</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_177">
<p>8.1.2 Description <strong>8.1.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Performance measures determine the value of a newly deployed or existing solution. The measures used depend on the solution itself, the context, and how the organization defines value. When solutions do not have built-in performance measures, the business analyst works with stakeholders to determine and collect the measures that will best reflect the performance of a solution. Performance may be assessed through key performance indicators (KPIs) aligned with enterprise measures, goals and objectives for a project, process performance targets, or tests for a software application.</p>
<p><strong>8.1.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="inputs">Inputs</h2>
<h3 id="business-objectives">• Business Objectives</h3>
<p>achieve. Provides a benchmark against which solution performance can be assessed.</p>
<h3 id="implemented-solution-external">• Implemented Solution (external)</h3>
<p>that exists in some form. It may be an operating solution, a prototype, or a pilot or beta solution.</p>
<h2 id="figure-811-measure-solution-performance-inputoutput-diagram">Figure 8.1.1: Measure Solution Performance Input/Output Diagram</h2>
<h2 id="input">Input</h2>
<h3 id="implemented">Implemented</h3>
<p><strong>6.2</strong></p>
<h2 id="business">Business</h2>
<h2 id="objectives">Objectives</h2>
<h2 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h2>
<h3 id="solution">Solution</h3>
<p><strong>(external)</strong></p>
<h2 id="change-strategy">Change Strategy</h2>
<h3 id="future-state-description">Future State Description</h3>
<p><strong>8.1</strong> Requirements (validated)</p>
<h2 id="output">Output</h2>
<h3 id="solution-scope">Solution Scope</h3>
<p><strong>8.1</strong></p>
<h2 id="solution">Solution</h2>
<h2 id="measures">Measures</h2>
<h3 id="tasks-using-this-output">Tasks Using This Output</h3>
<p><strong>8.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="analyze">Analyze</h3>
<p><strong>6.1</strong></p>
<h2 id="analyze-current">Analyze Current</h2>
<h2 id="state">State</h2>
<h3 id="measures">Measures</h3>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-167">167</p>
</section></body>
</html>