<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Figure 4.3.1: Confirm Elicitation Results</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_076">
<p>4.3.4 Elements</p>
<p>Confirm Elicitation Results</p>
<h2 id="figure-431-confirm-elicitation-results">Figure 4.3.1: Confirm Elicitation Results</h2>
<h3 id="input">Input</h3>
<p><strong>4.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="elicitation-results">Elicitation Results</h3>
<p><strong>(unconfirmed)</strong></p>
<h2 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h2>
<h3 id="elicitation-activity-plan">Elicitation Activity Plan</h3>
<p><strong>4.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="confirm-elicitation-results">Confirm Elicitation Results</h2>
<h2 id="existing-business-analysis">Existing Business Analysis</h2>
<h2 id="information">Information</h2>
<h3 id="output">Output</h3>
<p><strong>4.3</strong></p>
<h3 id="elicitation-results">Elicitation Results</h3>
<p><strong>(confirmed)</strong></p>
<h3 id="tasks-using-this-output">Tasks Using This Output</h3>
<p><strong>6.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="analyze-current">Analyze Current</h3>
<p><strong>6.3</strong></p>
<h3 id="state">State</h3>
<p><strong>4.3.4</strong></p>
<h3 id="elements">Elements</h3>
<h3 id="1-compare-elicitation-results-against-source-information">.1 Compare Elicitation Results Against Source Information</h3>
<p>Task Conduct Elicitation (p. 61) describes sources from which elicitation results may be derived, including documents and stakeholder knowledge. The business analyst may lead follow-up meetings where stakeholders correct the elicitation results. Stakeholders may also confirm the elicitation results independently.</p>
<h3 id="2-compare-elicitation-results-against-other-elicitation-results">.2 Compare Elicitation Results Against Other Elicitation Results</h3>
<p>Business analysts compare results collected through multiple elicitation activities to confirm that the information is consistent and accurately represented. As comparisons are drawn, business analysts identify variations in results and resolve them in collaboration with stakeholders. Comparisons may also be made with historical data to confirm more recent elicitation results.</p>
<p>Inconsistencies in elicitation results are often uncovered when business analysts develop specifications and models. These models may be developed during an elicitation activity to improve collaboration.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-66">66</p>
</section></body>
</html>