<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Implementation Subject Matter Expert</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_129">
<p>6.2.8 Outputs</p>
<h3 id="implementation-subject-matter-expert">• Implementation Subject Matter Expert</h3>
<p>feasibility of achieving the future state.</p>
<h3 id="operational-support">• Operational Support</h3>
<p>enterprise and provides information on their ability to support the operation of a proposed future state.</p>
<h3 id="project-manager">• Project Manager</h3>
<p>desired future state.</p>
<h3 id="regulator">• Regulator</h3>
<p>future state. Interpretations of relevant regulations must be included in the future state description in the form of business policies, business rules, procedures, or role responsibilities.</p>
<h3 id="sponsor">• Sponsor</h3>
<p>business objectives that a future state will achieve. Authorizes and ensures funding to support moving towards the future state.</p>
<h3 id="supplier">• Supplier</h3>
<p>the change or deliver any part of the future state operation.</p>
<h3 id="tester">• Tester</h3>
<p>tested and can help set an appropriate level of quality to target.</p>
<p><strong>6.2.8</strong></p>
<h2 id="outputs">Outputs</h2>
<h3 id="business-objectives">• Business Objectives</h3>
<p>in order to achieve the future state.</p>
<h3 id="future-state-description">• Future State Description</h3>
<p>the proposed new, removed, and modified components of the enterprise and the potential value expected from the future state. The description might include the desired future capabilities, policies, resources, dependencies, infrastructure, external influences, and relationships between each element.</p>
<h3 id="potential-value">• Potential Value</h3>
<p>future state.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-119">119</p>
</section></body>
</html>