<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Description</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_078">
<p>4.4.2 Description <strong>4.4.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Business analysts must communicate appropriate information to stakeholders at the right time and in formats that meet their needs. Consideration is given to expressing the information in language, tone, and style that is appropriate to the audience.</p>
<p>Communication of business analysis information is bi-directional and iterative. It involves determining the recipients, content, purpose, context, and expected outcomes. Task Plan Stakeholder Engagement (p. 31) evaluates communication needs and plans anticipated messages.</p>
<p>Communicating information does not simply involve pushing information out and assuming it was received and understood. Business analysts engage stakeholders to ensure they understand the information and gain agreement. The business analyst acts on any disagreements. The method of delivering the information may need to change if the stakeholders are not receiving or understanding it. Multiple forms of communication might be required for the same information.</p>
<p><strong>4.4.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="inputs">Inputs</h2>
<h3 id="business-analysis-information">• Business Analysis Information</h3>
<p>that is used as an input or output of business analysis work. Business analysis information becomes an input for this task when the need is discovered to communicate the information to additional stakeholders.</p>
<h3 id="stakeholder-engagement-approach">• Stakeholder Engagement Approach</h3>
<p>and general needs regarding communication of business analysis information.</p>
<h2 id="figure-441-communicate-business-analysis-information-inputoutput-diagram">Figure 4.4.1: Communicate Business Analysis Information Input/Output Diagram</h2>
<h3 id="input">Input</h3>
<p><strong>3.2</strong></p>
<h2 id="stakeholder">Stakeholder</h2>
<h2 id="engagement">Engagement</h2>
<h2 id="business-analysis">Business Analysis</h2>
<h2 id="information">Information</h2>
<h2 id="approach">Approach</h2>
<h2 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h2>
<h3 id="business-analysis-approach">Business Analysis Approach</h3>
<p><strong>4.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="communicate-business-analysis">Communicate Business Analysis</h2>
<h2 id="information">Information</h2>
<h2 id="information-management">Information Management</h2>
<h2 id="approach">Approach</h2>
<h3 id="output">Output</h3>
<p><strong>4.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="business-analysis">Business Analysis</h2>
<h3 id="information">Information</h3>
<p><strong>(communicated)</strong></p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-68">68</p>
</section></body>
</html>