<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 Metrics</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_308">
<p>Metrics and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) In addition to these characteristics, stakeholder interests are also important.</p>
<p>Certain indicators may help stakeholders perform or improve more than others.</p>
<p>Over time, weaknesses in some indicators can be identified and improved.</p>
<p>Not all factors can be measured directly. Proxies can be used when data for direct indicators are not available or when it is not feasible to collect at regular intervals.</p>
<p>For example, in the absence of a survey of client satisfaction, an organization might use the proportion of all contracts renewed as an indicator.</p>
<p>When establishing an indicator, business analysts will consider its source, method of collection, collector, and the cost, frequency, and difficulty of collection.</p>
<p>Secondary sources of data may be the most economical, but to meet the other characteristics of a good indicator, primary research such as surveys, interviews, or direct observations may be necessary. The method of data collection is the key driver of a monitoring, evaluation, and reporting system's cost.</p>
<h3 id="2-metrics">.2 Metrics</h3>
<p>Metrics are quantifiable levels of indicators that are measured at a specified point in time. A target metric is the objective to be reached within a specified period. In setting a metric for an indicator, it is important to have a clear understanding of the baseline starting point, resources that can be devoted to improving the factors covered by the indicator, and political concerns.</p>
<p>A metric can be a specific point, a threshold, or a range. A range can be useful if the indicator is new. Depending on the need, the scope of time to reach the target metric can be multi-year, annual, quarterly, or even more frequent.</p>
<h3 id="3-structure">.3 Structure</h3>
<p>Establishing a monitoring and evaluation system requires a data collection procedure, a data analysis procedure, a reporting procedure, and the collection of baseline data. The data collection procedure covers units of analysis, sampling procedures, data collection instruments to use, collection frequency, and responsibility for collection. The analysis method specifies both the procedures for conducting the analysis and the data consumer, who may have strong interests in how the analysis is conducted. The reporting procedure covers the report templates, recipients, frequency, and means of communication. Baseline information is the data provided immediately before or at the beginning of a period to measure. Baseline data is used both to learn about recent performance and to measure progress from that point forward. It needs to be collected, analyzed, and reported for each indicator.</p>
<p>There are three key factors in assessing the quality of indicators and their metrics: reliability, validity, and timeliness. Reliability is the extent to which the data collection approach is stable and consistent across time and space. Validity is the</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-298">298</p>
</section></body>
</html>