<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.1 Purpose</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_018">
<p>1.4.5 Techniques</p>
<h3 id="1-purpose">.1 Purpose</h3>
<p>The Purpose section describes why it is beneficial for business analysts to have this underlying competency.</p>
<h3 id="2-definition">.2 Definition</h3>
<p>The Definition section describes the skills and expertise involved in the application of this competency.</p>
<h3 id="3-effectiveness-measures">.3 Effectiveness Measures</h3>
<p>The Effectiveness Measures section describes how to determine whether a person is demonstrating skills in this underlying competency.</p>
<p><strong>1.4.5</strong> Techniques provide additional information on ways that a task may be performed.</p>
<p>The list of techniques included in the multiple techniques that may be applied alternatively or in conjunction with other techniques to accomplish a task. Business analysts are encouraged to modify existing techniques or engineer new ones to best suit their situation and the goals of the tasks they perform.</p>
<p>Techniques have the following structure:</p>
<h2 id="purpose">• Purpose</h2>
<h2 id="description">• Description</h2>
<h2 id="elements">• Elements</h2>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">• Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-purpose">.1 Purpose</h3>
<p>The Purpose section describes what the technique is used for and the circumstances under which it is most likely to be applicable.</p>
<h3 id="2-description">.2 Description</h3>
<p>The Description section describes what the technique is and how it is used.</p>
<h3 id="3-elements">.3 Elements</h3>
<p>The Elements section describes key concepts that are needed to understand how to use the technique.</p>
<h3 id="4-usage-considerations">.4 Usage Considerations</h3>
<p>The Usage Considerations section describes the conditions under which the technique may be more or less effective.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-8">8</p>
</section></body>
</html>