<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.5 Assumptions</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_350">
<p>Scope Modelling</p>
<p><strong>.4 Relationships</strong> Exploring relationships between potential scope elements helps to ensure completeness and integrity of the scope model by identifying their dependencies or by discovering other elements involved in or impacted by the change.</p>
<p>Various diagramming techniques are available for exploring relationships of specific types, including: by way of hierarchical decomposition. Relationships of this type appear as an organization chart, in a class or entity-relationship diagram, as sub-processes in a business process model, or as composite states on a state diagram. organizational unit, or solution component) that is responsible for its execution. Relationships of this type appear on business process models and on collaboration, sequence, and use case diagrams. information or materials between them. Elements can be processes, systems, solution components, and organizational units, for both internal and external entities. Relationships of this type occur in data flow diagrams, business process models, and in collaboration, sequence, and robustness diagrams. chains of associated elements that are involved in or impacted by the change. Relationships of this type appear in fishbone (Ishikawa) diagrams and other cause-effect diagrams. produce results that cannot be predicted or understood based on the components alone.</p>
<h3 id="5-assumptions">.5 Assumptions</h3>
<p>At a time of scope modelling, the validity of the model heavily relies on assumptions such as the definition of needs, causality of outcomes, impact of changes, applicability, and feasibility of the solution. The resulting scope model should include explicit statements of critical assumptions and their implications.</p>
<h3 id="6-scope-modelling-results">.6 Scope Modelling Results</h3>
<p>Results of scope modelling can be represented as: • textual descriptions of elements, including criteria for making in-scope or out-of-scope decisions, • diagrams illustrating relationships of scope elements, and • matrices depicting dependencies between scope elements.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-340">340</p>
</section></body>
</html>