<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Guidelines and Tools</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_070">
<p>4.1.5 Guidelines and Tools <strong>4.1.5</strong></p>
<h2 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h2>
<h3 id="business-analysis-approach">• Business Analysis Approach</h3>
<p>the business analysis work. This includes the general methodology, types of stakeholders and how they should be involved, list of stakeholders, timing of the work, expected format and level of detail of elicitation results, and identified challenges and uncertainties.</p>
<h3 id="business-objectives">• Business Objectives</h3>
<p>future state. They can be used to plan and prepare elicitation events, and to develop supporting materials.</p>
<h3 id="existing-business-analysis-information">• Existing Business Analysis Information</h3>
<p>of the goals of the elicitation activity, and aid in preparing for elicitation.</p>
<h3 id="potential-value">• Potential Value</h3>
<p>proposed future state, and can be used to shape elicitation events.</p>
<p><strong>4.1.6</strong></p>
<h3 id="brainstorming">• Brainstorming</h3>
<p>which sources of business analysis information should be consulted and which elicitation techniques might be most effective.</p>
<h3 id="data-mining">• Data Mining</h3>
<p>investigation.</p>
<h3 id="document-analysis">• Document Analysis</h3>
<p>supporting materials.</p>
<h3 id="estimation">• Estimation</h3>
<p>and the associated cost.</p>
<h3 id="interviews">• Interviews</h3>
<p>used to seek authority to proceed with specific options.</p>
<h3 id="mind-mapping">• Mind Mapping</h3>
<p>which sources of business analysis information should be consulted and which elicitation techniques might be most effective.</p>
<h3 id="risk-analysis-and-management">• Risk Analysis and Management</h3>
<p>conditions or situations that could disrupt the elicitation, or affect the quality and validity of the elicitation results. The plans for the elicitation should be adjusted to avoid, transfer, or mitigate the most serious risks.</p>
<h3 id="stakeholder-list-map-or-personas">• Stakeholder List, Map, or Personas</h3>
<p>consulted while preparing for the elicitation, who should participate in the event, and the appropriate roles for each stakeholder.</p>
<p><strong>4.1.7</strong></p>
<h2 id="stakeholders">Stakeholders</h2>
<h3 id="domain-subject-matter-expert">• Domain Subject Matter Expert</h3>
<p>guidance about which other sources of business analysis information to consult.</p>
<p>May also help to arrange research, experiments, and facilitated elicitation.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-60">60</p>
</section></body>
</html>