<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.3 Enterprise Readiness Assessment</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_138">
<p>• locations, • application systems, and • data and information, • technology infrastructure.</p>
<p>The gaps will need to be addressed in the transition and future states.</p>
<h3 id="3-enterprise-readiness-assessment">.3 Enterprise Readiness Assessment</h3>
<p>Business analysts analyze the enterprise to assess its capacity to make the change and to sustain the change in the future state. The readiness assessment considers the enterprise’s capacity not only to make the change, but to use and sustain the solution, and realize value from the solution. The assessment also factors in the cultural readiness of the stakeholders and operational readiness in making the change, the timeline from when the change is implemented to when value can be realized, and the resources available to support the change effort.</p>
<h3 id="4-change-strategy">.4 Change Strategy</h3>
<p>A change strategy is a high-level plan of key activities and events that will be used to transform the enterprise from the current state to the future state. Change strategies may be a singular initiative composed of smaller changes which might be structured as a set or sequence of projects, or as various continuous improvement efforts. Each element of change might not completely address the need, so multiple changes might be necessary.</p>
<p>During the course of the development of a change strategy, several options are identified, explored, and described in enough detail to determine which options are feasible. Alternatives can be identified through brainstorming and consulting subject matter experts (SMEs). Sources of ideas can include historical ideas, historical changes, other markets' strategies, and competitors' approaches.</p>
<p>A preferred change strategy is selected from this set of options and developed in more detail. The preferred change strategy should be selected considering: • organizational readiness to make the change, • major costs and investments needed to make the change, • timelines to make the change, • alignment to the business objectives, • timelines for value realization, and • opportunity costs of the change strategy.</p>
<p>Business analysts may develop a business case for each potential change strategy to support decision making. The opportunity cost of each change strategy also needs to be considered. Opportunity cost refers to the benefits that could have been achieved by selecting an alternative change strategy. The options considered and rejected are an important component of the final strategy, providing stakeholders with an understanding of the pros and cons of various approaches to making the change.</p>
<p>When defining the change strategy, the investment to make the change to the future state is also considered. The net benefits of a future state may be very high,</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-128">128</p>
</section></body>
</html>