<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_137">
<p>6.4.4 Elements <strong>6.4.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-solution-scope">.1 Solution Scope</h3>
<p>The solution is the outcome of a change that allows an enterprise to satisfy a need. Multiple solution options might be evaluated and, as part of a change strategy, the best solution approach is justified and selected. The solution scope defines the boundaries of the solution, and is described in enough detail to enable stakeholders to understand which new capabilities the change will deliver.</p>
<p>It also describes how the proposed solution enables the future state's goals. The solution scope might evolve throughout an initiative as more information is discovered.</p>
<p>The solution scope might be described in different ways, including the use of: • functions, • capabilities, • locations, • technology, • networks, • business rules, • organizational structures, • business decisions, • workflows, • data, • events, • processes, • sequence, • resources, • motivations, or • knowledge and skills, • business logic.</p>
<p>• models and descriptions of markets, The solution scope can also include descriptions of out-of-scope solution components to provide clarity.</p>
<h3 id="2-gap-analysis">.2 Gap Analysis</h3>
<p>A gap analysis identifies the difference between current state and future state capabilities. To perform gap analysis, both current state and future state should be defined. Using the same techniques to describe both current and future states assists in gap analysis, as it simplifies the comparison.</p>
<p>Gap analysis can help identify the gaps that prevent the enterprise from meeting needs and achieving goals. It can be used to determine if the enterprise can meet its needs using its existing structure, resources, capabilities, and technology. If the enterprise can meet the need with the current state capabilities, then the change will likely be relatively small, or there may be no change at all. In any other case, a change strategy is needed to create the missing capabilities or improve the existing ones. The capabilities analyzed in a gap analysis can include: • processes, • staff competencies, • functions, • knowledge and skills, • lines of business, • training, • organizational structures, • facilities,</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-127">127</p>
</section></body>
</html>