<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Operational Support</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_028">
<p>2.4.6 Operational Support</p>
<p>Stakeholders While it is not possible to define a listing of implementation subject matter expert roles that are appropriate for all initiatives, some of the most common roles are: project librarian, change manager, configuration manager, solution architect, developer, database administrator, information architect, usability analyst, trainer, and organizational change consultant.</p>
<p><strong>2.4.6</strong></p>
<h3 id="operational-support">Operational Support</h3>
<p>Operational support is responsible for the day-to-day management and maintenance of a system or product.</p>
<p>While it is not possible to define a listing of operational support roles that are appropriate for all initiatives, some of the most common roles are: operations analyst, product analyst, help desk, and release manager.</p>
<p><strong>2.4.7</strong></p>
<h3 id="project-manager">Project Manager</h3>
<p>Project managers are responsible for managing the work required to deliver a solution that meets a business need, and for ensuring that the project's objectives are met while balancing the project factors including scope, budget, schedule, resources, quality, and risk.</p>
<p>While it is not possible to completely define a listing of project management roles that are appropriate for all initiatives, some of the most common roles are: project lead, technical lead, product manager, and team leader.</p>
<p><strong>2.4.8</strong></p>
<h3 id="regulator">Regulator</h3>
<p>Regulators are responsible for the definition and enforcement of standards.</p>
<p>Standards can be imposed on the solution by regulators through legislation, corporate governance standards, audit standards, or standards defined by organizational centers of competency. Alternate roles are government, regulatory bodies, and auditor.</p>
<p><strong>2.4.9</strong></p>
<h3 id="sponsor">Sponsor</h3>
<p>Sponsors are responsible for initiating the effort to define a business need and develop a solution that meets that need. They authorize the work to be performed, and control the budget and scope for the initiative. Alternate roles are executive and project sponsor.</p>
<p><strong>2.4.10</strong></p>
<h3 id="supplier">Supplier</h3>
<p>A supplier is a stakeholder outside the boundary of a given organization or organizational unit. Suppliers provide products or services to the organization and may have contractual or moral rights and obligations that must be considered.</p>
<p>Alternate roles are providers, vendors, and consultants.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-18">18</p>
</section></body>
</html>