<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Regulator</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_105">
<p>5.4.8 Outputs</p>
<h3 id="regulator">• Regulator</h3>
<p>compliance to standards.</p>
<h3 id="sponsor">• Sponsor</h3>
<p>utilized when assessing change.</p>
<h3 id="tester">• Tester</h3>
<p><strong>5.4.8</strong></p>
<h2 id="outputs">Outputs</h2>
<h3 id="requirements-change-assessment">• Requirements Change Assessment</h3>
<p>modify, or deny a proposed change to requirements.</p>
<h3 id="designs-change-assessment">• Designs Change Assessment</h3>
<p>deny a proposed change to one or more design components.</p>
<p><strong>5.5</strong> <strong>5.5.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>The purpose of Approve Requirements is to obtain agreement on and approval of requirements and designs for business analysis work to continue and/or solution construction to proceed.</p>
<p><strong>5.5.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Business analysts are responsible for ensuring clear communication of requirements, designs, and other business analysis information to the key stakeholders responsible for approving that information.</p>
<p>Approval of requirements and designs may be formal or informal. Predictive approaches typically perform approvals at the end of the phase or during planned change control meetings. Adaptive approaches typically approve requirements only when construction and implementation of a solution meeting the requirement can begin. Business analysts work with key stakeholders to gain consensus on new and changed requirements, communicate the outcome of discussions, and track and manage the approval.</p>
<p><strong>5.5.3</strong></p>
<h3 id="inputs">Inputs</h3>
<p><strong>• Requirements (verified)</strong> of sufficient quality to be used as a reliable body of work for further specification and development.</p>
<h3 id="designs">• Designs</h3>
<p>further specification and development.</p>
</section></body>
</html>