<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.1 Breadth of Change</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_405">
<p>the organization. These types of IT initiatives may drive the creation of larger programs to address non-IT changes, but are centered on a technology that alters the business environment. <strong>capability</strong> changes to meet regulatory requirements or to enable business specific goals. These types of initiatives often modify an existing system but may also require implementation and integration of new systems. organizational efficiency or reduce organizational risk. The change scope, organizational maturity, and solution impact dictate whether these changes will be managed as a project, part of a continuous improvement effort, or as an enhancement. ensure smooth operation of an existing IT system. Depending on the scope of the change, maintenance may be managed as a project or a regularly scheduled activity. This may include technology driven changes such as a vendor discontinuing support of a technology, scheduled releases or upgrades to a purchased software package, or technical modifications required to support architecture strategy. an IT system that is not performing as expected is changed to correct the dysfunction. The urgency of the repair is generally based on the level of disruption caused. In some cases the scope of the repair effort is very large, so the repair is managed as a project.</p>
<h3 id="1-breadth-of-change">.1 Breadth of Change</h3>
<p>Information technology initiatives may focus on a single system or on multiple systems which interact with each other. Some systems are developed and maintained in-house while others are commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) systems developed by an organization that is external to the group implementing the system. It is also possible that an external organization completes custom development, such as when development tasks are outsourced or contracted.</p>
<p>The scope of an IT initiative is often narrowly focused on software and hardware and a minimal set of systems, applications, or stakeholders. Larger initiatives may impact multiple user groups or systems, and often require collaboration with the extended enterprise. The implementation of COTS information technology systems may begin with a small or limited scope when the change is initiated, but after analysis is complete the scope is broader than originally anticipated. The business analysis approach for a COTS selection and implementation is approached differently than in-house development. These IT systems almost always require customization, integration, administration, and training. In some cases, the initiatives are limited to initial installation and implementation, or enhancements to an existing application. IT initiatives may also focus on a very specific technology solution such as what data is needed, how data is gathered,</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-395">395</p>
</section></body>
</html>