<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Description</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_152">
<p>7.2.2 Description</p>
<p>Verify Requirements <strong>7.2.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Verifying requirements ensures that the requirements and designs have been defined correctly. Requirements verification constitutes a check by the business analyst and key stakeholders to determine that the requirements and designs are ready for validation, and provides the information needed for further work to be performed.</p>
<p>A high-quality specification is well written and easily understood by its intended audience. A high-quality model follows the formal or informal notation standards and effectively represents reality.</p>
<p>The most important characteristic of quality requirements and designs is fitness for use. They must meet the needs of stakeholders who will use them for a particular purpose. Quality is ultimately determined by stakeholders.</p>
<p><strong>7.2.3</strong></p>
<h3 id="inputs">Inputs</h3>
<p><strong>• Requirements (specified and modelled)</strong> those may be verified to ensure that text is well structured and that matrices and modelling notation are used correctly.</p>
<h2 id="figure-721-verify-requirements-inputoutput-diagram">Figure 7.2.1: Verify Requirements Input/Output Diagram</h2>
<h3 id="input">Input</h3>
<p><strong>7.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="requirements">Requirements</h3>
<p><strong>(specified and </strong> <strong>modelled)</strong></p>
<h3 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h3>
<p><strong>7.2</strong></p>
<h2 id="verify-requirements">Verify Requirements</h2>
<h2 id="requirements-life-cycle">Requirements Life Cycle</h2>
<h2 id="management-tools">Management Tools</h2>
<h3 id="output">Output</h3>
<p><strong>7.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="requirements">Requirements</h3>
<p><strong>(verified)</strong></p>
<h3 id="tasks-using-this-output">Tasks Using This Output</h3>
<p><strong>5.5</strong></p>
<h2 id="approve">Approve</h2>
<h3 id="requirements">Requirements</h3>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-142">142</p>
</section></body>
</html>