<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.3 Effectiveness Measures</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_213">
<p>9.4 Communication Skills</p>
<h3 id="3-effectiveness-measures">.3 Effectiveness Measures</h3>
<p>Measures of effective methodology knowledge include: • the ability to adapt to changes in methodologies, • the willingness to use or learn a new methodology, • the successful integration of business analysis tasks and techniques to support the current methodology, • familiarity with the terms, tools, and techniques prescribed by a methodology, and • the ability to play multiple roles within activities prescribed by a methodology.</p>
<p><strong>9.4</strong> Communication is the act of a sender conveying information to a receiver in a method which delivers the meaning the sender intended. Active listening skills help to deepen understanding and trust between the sender and the receiver.</p>
<p>Effective communication benefits all stakeholders.</p>
<p>Communication may be accomplished using a variety of delivery methods: verbal, non-verbal, physical, and written. Most communication methods deal with words, while some methods deal with movements and expressions. Words, gestures, and phrases may have different meanings to different individuals.</p>
<p>Effective communication involves both the sender and receiver possessing the same understanding of the information being communicated. A shared glossary of terms and clear goals are effective tools to avoid misunderstandings and the resulting complications.</p>
<p>Effective communication includes adapting communication styles and techniques to the knowledge level and communication styles of recipients. Effective communicators understand how tone, body language, and context change the meaning of words. Gaining an understanding of the terms and concepts (prior to the exchange) can provide fruitful benefits.</p>
<p>Planning effective communication includes the sender reviewing the information that is known about the receiver. Differences between the sender and the receiver, such as native language, culture, motivations, priorities, communication, learning, and thinking styles may call for specific communication methods. Each piece of information must be carefully crafted and packaged to ensure it is clear and understood.</p>
<p>When planning to communicate information, the following considerations may be helpful: • consider what the receiver knows or does not know, • structure the information in a logical, comprehensible manner, • determine how to best present the information to convey the intended</p>
</section></body>
</html>