<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_267">
<p>10.15.3 Elements information and the relationships within that information. incorporates rules of normalization to formally manage the integrity of the data and relationships. It is associated with the design of a solution. describe how a database is physically organized. It addresses concerns like performance, concurrency, and security.</p>
<p>The conceptual, logical, and physical data models are developed for different purposes and may be significantly different even when depicting the same domain.</p>
<p>At the conceptual level, different data modelling notations are likely to produce broadly similar results and can be thought of as a single technique (as presented here). Logical and physical data models include elements specific to the solutions they support, and are generally developed by stakeholders with expertise in implementing particular technical solutions. For instance, logical and physical entity-relationship diagrams (ERDs) would be used to implement a relational database, whereas a logical or physical class diagram would be used to support object-oriented software development.</p>
<p>Object diagrams can be used to illustrate particular instances of entities from a data model. They can include actual sample values for the attributes, making object diagrams more concrete and more easily understood.</p>
<p><strong>10.15.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-entity-or-class">.1 Entity or Class</h3>
<p>In a data model, the organization keeps data on entities (or classes or data objects). An entity may represent something physical (such as a Warehouse), something organizational (such as a Sales Area), something abstract (such as a Product Line), or an event (such as an Appointment). An entity contains attributes and has relationships to other entities in the model.</p>
<p>In a class diagram, entities are referred to as classes. Like an entity in a data model, a class contains attributes and has relationships with other classes. A class also contains operations or functions that describe what can be done with the class, such as generating an invoice or opening a bank account.</p>
<p>Each instance of an entity or class will have a unique identifier that sets it apart from other instances.</p>
<h3 id="2-attribute">.2 Attribute</h3>
<p>An attribute defines a particular piece of information associated with an entity, including how much information can be captured in it, its allowable values, and the type of information it represents. Attributes can be described in a data dictionary (see Data Dictionary (p. 247)). Allowable values may be specified through business rules (see Business Rules Analysis (p. 240)).</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-257">257</p>
</section></body>
</html>