<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Guidelines and Tools</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_195">
<p>8.5.5 Guidelines and Tools by pursuing alternative courses of action. obsolescence, changing market conditions, and other causes). After a certain point in the life cycle it will become impractical or impossible to maintain the existing component. initiative. The psychological impact of sunk costs may make it difficult for stakeholders to objectively assess the rationale for replacement or elimination, as they may feel reluctant to "waste" the effort or money already invested. As this investment cannot be recovered, it is effectively irrelevant when considering future action. Decisions should be based on the future investment required and the future benefits that can be gained.</p>
<p><strong>8.5.5</strong></p>
<h2 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h2>
<h3 id="business-objectives">• Business Objectives</h3>
<p>determining solution performance.</p>
<h3 id="current-state-description">• Current State Description</h3>
<p>to be completed. It can be used to assess alternatives and better understand the potential increased value that could be delivered. It can also help highlight unintended consequences of alternatives that may otherwise remain undetected.</p>
<h3 id="solution-scope">• Solution Scope</h3>
<p><strong>8.5.6</strong></p>
<h2 id="data-mining">• Data Mining</h2>
<h3 id="decision-analysis">• Decision Analysis</h3>
<p>potential value or performance issues.</p>
<h2 id="financial-analysis">• Financial Analysis</h2>
<h3 id="focus-groups">• Focus Groups</h3>
<p>adjusted and used to identify potential opportunities to improve performance.</p>
<h3 id="organizational-modelling">• Organizational Modelling</h3>
<p>organization's structure.</p>
<h3 id="prioritization">• Prioritization</h3>
<p>solution performance.</p>
<h2 id="process-analysis">• Process Analysis</h2>
<h3 id="risk-analysis-and-management">• Risk Analysis and Management</h3>
<p>specific conditions.</p>
<h3 id="survey-or-questionnaire">• Survey or Questionnaire</h3>
<p>stakeholders to determine if value has been met or exceeded, if the metrics are</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-185">185</p>
</section></body>
</html>