<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Use Cases and Scenarios</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_366">
<p>10.47 Use Cases and Scenarios</p>
<p>Use Cases and Scenarios <strong>10.47</strong></p>
<h3 id="use-cases-and-scenarios">Use Cases and Scenarios</h3>
<p><strong>10.47.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>Use cases and scenarios describe how a person or system interacts with the solution being modelled to achieve a goal.</p>
<p><strong>10.47.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Use cases describe the interactions between the primary actor, the solution, and any secondary actors needed to achieve the primary actor's goal. Use cases are usually triggered by the primary actor, but in some methods may also be triggered by another system or by an external event or timer.</p>
<p>A use case describes the possible outcomes of an attempt to accomplish a particular goal that the solution will support. It details different paths that can be followed by defining primary and alternative flows. The primary or basic flow represents the most direct way to accomplish the goal of the use case. Special circumstances and exceptions that result in a failure to complete the goal of the use case are documented in alternative or exception flows. Use cases are written from the point of view of the actor and avoid describing the internal workings of the solution.</p>
<p>Use case diagrams are a graphical representation of the relationships between actors and one or more use cases supported by the solution.</p>
<p>Some use case approaches distinguish between business use cases and system use cases, with business use cases describing how actors interact with a particular process or business function, and system use cases describing the interaction between an actor and a software application.</p>
<p>A scenario describes just one way that an actor can accomplish a particular goal.</p>
<p>Scenarios are written as a series of steps performed by actors or by the solution that enable an actor to achieve a goal. A use case describes several scenarios.</p>
<p><strong>10.47.3</strong></p>
<h3 id="elements">Elements</h3>
<p>There is no fixed, universal format for use cases. The following elements are frequently captured in a use case description.</p>
<h3 id="1-use-case-diagram">.1 Use Case Diagram</h3>
<p>A use case diagram visually depicts the scope of the solution, by showing the actors who interact with the solution, which use cases they interact with, and any relationships between the use cases. Unified Modelling Language™ (UML describes the standard notation for a use case diagram.</p>
<h3 id="relationships">Relationships</h3>
<p>Relationships between actors and use cases are called associations. An association line indicates that an actor has access to the functionality represented by the use</p>
</section></body>
</html>