<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.3 Capabilities and Processes</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_116">
<p>Organizational culture is the beliefs, values, and norms shared by the members of an organization. These beliefs drive the actions taken by an organization.</p>
<p>Business analysts perform a cultural assessment to: • identify if cultural changes are required to better achieve the goals, • identify whether stakeholders understand the rationale for the current state of the enterprise and the value delivered by it, and • ascertain whether the stakeholders view the current state as satisfactory or if change is needed.</p>
<h3 id="3-capabilities-and-processes">.3 Capabilities and Processes</h3>
<p>Capabilities and processes describe the activities an enterprise performs. They also include the knowledge the enterprise has, the products and services it provides, the functions it supports, and the methods it uses to make decisions. Core capabilities or processes describe the essential functions of the enterprise that differentiate it from others. They are measured by performance indicators that can be used to assess the benefits of a change.</p>
<p>Business analysts may use: • A capability-centric view of the enterprise when looking for innovative solutions that combine existing capabilities to produce a new outcome. A capability-based view is useful in this situation because capabilities are generally organized in a functional hierarchy with relationships to other capabilities, making it easier to identify any gaps.</p>
<p>• A process-centric view of the enterprise when looking for ways to improve the performance of current activities. A process-based view is useful in this situation because processes are organized in an end-to-end fashion across the enterprise to deliver value to its customers, making it easier to ensure that a change does in fact increase performance.</p>
<h3 id="4-technology-and-infrastructure">.4 Technology and Infrastructure</h3>
<p>Information systems used by the enterprise support people in executing processes, making decisions, and in interactions with suppliers and customers.</p>
<p>The infrastructure describes the enterprise’s environment with respect to physical components and capabilities. The infrastructure can include components such as computer hardware, physical plants, and logistics, as well as their operation and upkeep.</p>
<h3 id="5-policies">.5 Policies</h3>
<p>Policies define the scope of decision making at different levels of an enterprise.</p>
<p>They generally address routine operations rather than strategic change. They ensure that decisions are made correctly, provide guidance to staff on permitted and appropriate behaviour and actions, support governance, and determine when and how new resources can be acquired. Identification of relevant policies may shape the scope of the solution space and may be a constraint on the types</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-106">106</p>
</section></body>
</html>