<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Description</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_228">
<p>10.1.2 Description</p>
<p>Acceptance and Evaluation Criteria <strong>10.1.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Acceptance and evaluation criteria define measures of value attributes to be used for assessing and comparing solutions and alternative designs. Measurable and testable criteria allow for the objective and consistent assessment of solutions and designs. The Acceptance and Evaluation Criteria technique can apply at all levels of a project, from high-level to a more detailed level.</p>
<p>Acceptance criteria describe the minimum set of requirements that must be met in order for a particular solution to be worth implementing. They may be used to determine if a solution or solution component can meet a requirement.</p>
<p>Acceptance criteria are typically used when only one possible solution is being evaluated, and are generally expressed as a pass or fail.</p>
<p>Evaluation criteria define a set of measurements which allow for ranking of solutions and alternative designs according to their value for stakeholders. Each evaluation criterion represents a continuous or discrete scale for measuring a specific solution attribute such as cost, performance, usability, and how well the functionality represents the stakeholders’ needs. Attributes that cannot be measured directly are evaluated using expert judgment or various scoring techniques.</p>
<p>Both evaluation and acceptance criteria may be defined with the same value attributes. When evaluating various solutions, the solutions with lower costs and better performance may be rated higher. When accepting a solution, the criteria are written using minimum performance requirements and maximum cost limits in contractual agreements and user acceptance tests.</p>
<p><strong>10.1.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-value-attributes">.1 Value Attributes</h3>
<p>Value attributes are the characteristics of a solution that determine or substantially influence its value for stakeholders. They represent a meaningful and agreed-upon decomposition of the value proposition into its constituent parts, which can be described as qualities that the solution should either possess or avoid.</p>
<p>Examples of value attributes include: • ability to provide specific information, • ability to perform or support specific operations, • performance and responsiveness characteristics, • applicability of the solution in specific situations and contexts, • availability of specific features and capabilities, and • usability, security, scalability, and reliability.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-218">218</p>
</section></body>
</html>