<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>chapter_418</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_418">
<p>11.4 The Business Architecture Perspective <strong>11.4</strong> The Business Architecture Perspective highlights the unique characteristics of business analysis when practiced in the context of business architecture.</p>
<p>Business architecture models the enterprise in order to show how strategic concerns of key stakeholders are met and to support ongoing business transformation efforts.</p>
<p>Business architecture provides architectural descriptions and views, referred to as blueprints, to provide a common understanding of the organization for the purpose of aligning strategic objectives with tactical demands. The discipline of business architecture applies analytical thinking and architectural principles to the enterprise level. The solutions may include changes in the business model, operating model, organizational structure, or drive other initiatives.</p>
<p>Business architecture follows certain fundamental architectural principles: single project, initiative, process, or piece of information. It puts projects, processes, and information into the larger business context to provide an understanding of interactions, integration opportunities, redundancies, and inconsistencies. its context. It specifically separates what the business does from: • the information the business uses, • how the business is performed, • who does it and where in the enterprise it is done, • when it is done, • why it is done, and • how well it is done.</p>
<p>Once the independent concerns are identified, they can be grouped in specific combinations or mappings, which can be used to analyze targeted business issues. answer to provide the blueprint for alignment. Each of these different questions or business scenarios requires a different set of blueprints containing a different set of information and relationships, with different types of outcomes and measures to determine success. answer these business questions, a secondary but important goal is to collect and catalogue the different architectural components (what, how, who, why, etc.) and their relationships in a knowledge base so they can quickly and easily be used to help answer the next business question that comes up. The knowledge base is often managed in a formal architectural repository.</p>
</section></body>
</html>