<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Business Process Models</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_440">
<p><strong>.4 Business Analysis Outcomes</strong> Outcomes for business analysts working within the discipline of business process management include: • business process models, • business rules, • process performance measures, • business decisions, and • process performance assessment.</p>
<h3 id="business-process-models">Business Process Models</h3>
<p>Business process models start at the highest level as an end-to-end model of the whole process and can become as specific as modelling specific work flow.</p>
<p>Business process models serve as both an output and a starting point for the analysis of the process. They are divided into current state (as-is) and future state (to-be) models. Current state models portray the process as it currently functions, without any improvements. The future state model envisions what the process would look like if all improvement options are incorporated. The benefit of developing the current state model is to justify the investment in the process by enabling the business analyst to measure the effect of the process improvements and prioritize changes to the process. Transition models describe the interim states required to move from the current state process to the future state process.</p>
<h3 id="business-rules">Business Rules</h3>
<p>Business rules guide business processes and are intended to assert business structure or control the behaviour of business. Business rules are identified during requirements elicitation and process analysis and often focus on business calculations, access control issues, and policies of an organization. Classifying business rules can help decide how they will be best implemented. Business rules analysis provides insight into how the business functions and how the processes contribute to meeting the business' goals and objectives. Business analysts analyze the reasons for the existence of a business rule and study its impact on the business process before improving or redesigning it. Business rules may, where appropriate, be mapped to individual processes through the decisions they influence unless they are related strictly to the performance of the process.</p>
<h3 id="process-performance-measures">Process Performance Measures</h3>
<p>Process performance measures are parameters that are used to identify process improvement opportunities. Process performance measures are defined and deployed to ensure that processes are aligned to the business needs and strategic objectives of the organization. Process performance measures can address many aspects of a process including quality, time, cost, agility, efficiency, effectiveness, responsiveness, adaptability, flexibility, customer satisfaction, velocity, variability, visibility, variety, rework, and volume. Many of the process performance measures seek to measure the effectiveness and efficiency of the process as well as the degree to which the process goals are achieved. When deployed across the</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-430">430</p>
</section></body>
</html>