<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Methodologies and Frameworks</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_162">
<p>7.4.6 Techniques</p>
<h3 id="methodologies-and-frameworks">• Methodologies and Frameworks</h3>
<p>relationships between the models, to be used to represent different viewpoints.</p>
<p><strong>7.4.6</strong></p>
<h3 id="data-modelling">• Data Modelling</h3>
<p>data.</p>
<h3 id="functional-decomposition">• Functional Decomposition</h3>
<p>product scope, or other elements into its component parts.</p>
<h2 id="interviews">• Interviews</h2>
<h3 id="organizational-modelling">• Organizational Modelling</h3>
<p>units, stakeholders, and their relationships which might help define relevant viewpoints.</p>
<h3 id="scope-modelling">• Scope Modelling</h3>
<p>requirements architecture.</p>
<h3 id="workshops">• Workshops</h3>
<p><strong>7.4.7</strong></p>
<h3 id="stakeholders">Stakeholders</h3>
<h2 id="domain-subject-matter-expert-implementation-subject-matter-expert">• Domain Subject Matter Expert, Implementation Subject Matter Expert,</h2>
<h3 id="project-manager-sponsor-tester">Project Manager, Sponsor, Tester</h3>
<p>requirements architecture.</p>
<p><strong>• Any stakeholder</strong> completeness of the requirements.</p>
<p><strong>7.4.8</strong></p>
<h2 id="outputs">Outputs</h2>
<h3 id="requirements-architecture">• Requirements Architecture</h3>
<p>among them, as well as any contextual information that is recorded.</p>
<p><strong>7.5</strong> <strong>7.5.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>The purpose of Define Design Options is to define the solution approach, identify opportunities to improve the business, allocate requirements across solution components, and represent design options that achieve the desired future state.</p>
<p><strong>7.5.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>When designing a solution, there may be one or more design options identified.</p>
<p>Each design option represents a way to satisfy a set of requirements. Design options exist at a lower level than the change strategy, and are tactical rather than strategic. As a solution is developed, tactical trade-offs may need to be made</p>
</section></body>
</html>