<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Table 10.10.1: Examples of Collaborative Games</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_255">
<p>10.10.4 Usage Considerations</p>
<p>Concept Modelling</p>
<h2 id="table-10101-examples-of-collaborative-games">Table 10.10.1: Examples of Collaborative Games</h2>
<h2 id="game">Game</h2>
<h2 id="description">Description</h2>
<h2 id="objective">Objective</h2>
<h2 id="product">Product</h2>
<h3 id="box">Box</h3>
<p>Participants construct a box for the product as if it was being sold in a retail store.</p>
<p>Used to help identify features of a product that help drive interest in the marketplace.</p>
<h2 id="affinity">Affinity</h2>
<h3 id="map">Map</h3>
<p>Participants write down features on sticky notes, put them on a wall, and then move them closer to other features that appear similar in some way.</p>
<p>Used to help identify related or similar features or themes.</p>
<h3 id="fishbowl">Fishbowl</h3>
<p>Participants are divided into two groups.</p>
<p>One group of participants speaks about a topic, while the other group listens intently and documents their observations.</p>
<p>Used to identify hidden assumptions or perspectives.</p>
<p><strong>10.10.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• May reveal hidden assumptions or differences of opinion.</p>
<p>• Encourages creative thinking by stimulating alternative mental processes.</p>
<p>• Challenges participants who are normally quiet or reserved to take a more active role in team activities.</p>
<p>• Some collaborative games can be useful in exposing business needs that aren't being met.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• The playful nature of the games may be perceived as silly and make participants with reserved personalities or cultural norms uncomfortable.</p>
<p>• Games can be time-consuming and may be perceived as unproductive, especially if the objectives or outcomes are unclear.</p>
<p>• Group participation can lead to a false sense of confidence in the conclusions reached.</p>
<p><strong>10.11</strong></p>
<h3 id="concept-modelling">Concept Modelling</h3>
<p><strong>10.11.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>A concept model is used to organize the business vocabulary needed to consistently and thoroughly communicate the knowledge of a domain.</p>
</section></body>
</html>