<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Organizational Modelling (p. 308)</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_402">
<p>• Decision Modelling (p. 265)</p>
<h2 id="organizational-modelling-p-308">• Organizational Modelling (p. 308)</h2>
<h2 id="document-analysis-p-269">• Document Analysis (p. 269)</h2>
<h3 id="risk-analysis-and-management">• Risk Analysis and Management</h3>
<p>(p. 329) • Estimation (p. 271)</p>
<h2 id="root-cause-analysis-p-335">• Root Cause Analysis (p. 335)</h2>
<h2 id="focus-groups-p-279">• Focus Groups (p. 279)</h2>
<h2 id="stakeholder-list-map-or-personas">• Stakeholder List, Map, or Personas</h2>
<h3 id="functional-decomposition-p-283">• Functional Decomposition (p. 283)</h3>
<p>(p. 344) • Glossary (p. 286)</p>
<h3 id="swot-analysis-p-353">• SWOT Analysis (p. 353)</h3>
<h3 id="5-requirements-analysis-and-design-definition">.5 Requirements Analysis and Design Definition</h3>
<p>When modelling and specifying back office data capture and storage requirements, business analysts use specific data-oriented modelling techniques such as Data Modelling, Data Dictionary, Decision Modelling, and Business Rules</p>
<h3 id="analysis">Analysis.</h3>
<p>Models of an existing system's data help to define data availability and identify redundancies, inconsistencies, and data quality issues. Where existing systems documentation is non-existent or out of date, reverse-engineered modelling can be a substantial component of work, and frequently requires collaboration with technical experts such as database administrators and application programmers.</p>
<p>A future state data model demonstrates how the source information is generically structured in the proposed solution. The overall transformation process is commonly modelled using Data Flow Diagrams to illustrate the management of latency and accessibility requirements in the solution. Business analysts define specific business rules for data integrity checking and for data transformation.</p>
<p>For modelling and specifying front office information outputs, business analysts: • analyze existing reports to determine if they are candidates to be replaced or repaired with business intelligence outputs, and • use business intelligence capabilities such as ad hoc queries, data mining, and complex event processing to identify and specify the content and format of new business intelligence outputs.</p>
<p>Business analysts are involved in assessing the capability of a proposed solution (typically a commercial off-the-shelf software package) in respect of the specified requirements. In the business intelligence context, these include functional requirements such as self-serve facilities, data analytics tools, data presentation tools, drill down capabilities, and non-functional requirements related to issues such as data quality, data latency, and query performance.</p>
<h2 id="6-babok">.6 BABOK</h2>
<h2 id="acceptance-and-evaluation-criteria">• Acceptance and Evaluation Criteria</h2>
<h3 id="data-dictionary-p-247">• Data Dictionary (p. 247)</h3>
<p>(p. 217)</p>
<h2 id="data-flow-diagrams-p-250">• Data Flow Diagrams (p. 250)</h2>
<h2 id="balanced-scorecard-p-223">• Balanced Scorecard (p. 223)</h2>
<h2 id="data-modelling-p-256">• Data Modelling (p. 256)</h2>
<h2 id="business-rules-analysis-p-240">• Business Rules Analysis (p. 240)</h2>
<h3 id="decision-modelling-p-265">• Decision Modelling (p. 265)</h3>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-392">392</p>
</section></body>
</html>