<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• End User</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_187">
<p>8.3.8 Outputs</p>
<h3 id="end-user">• End User</h3>
<p>contributes to the actual value realized by the solution in terms of solution performance. An end user may be consulted to provide reviews and feedback on areas such as workload and job satisfaction.</p>
<h3 id="regulator">• Regulator</h3>
<p>planned and potential value of a solution, as that organization may constrain the solution, the degree to which actual value is realized, or when actual value is realized.</p>
<h3 id="sponsor">• Sponsor</h3>
<p>providing resources to develop, implement and support the solution, and for directing enterprise resources to use the solution. The sponsor is also responsible for approving a change to potential value.</p>
<h3 id="tester">• Tester</h3>
<p>implementation; not often used in assessing an existing solution outside of a change.</p>
<p><strong>8.3.8</strong></p>
<h2 id="outputs">Outputs</h2>
<h3 id="solution-limitation">• Solution Limitation</h3>
<p>including constraints and defects.</p>
<p><strong>8.4</strong> <strong>8.4.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>The purpose of Assess Enterprise Limitations is to determine how factors external to the solution are restricting value realization.</p>
<p><strong>8.4.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Solutions may operate across various organizations within an enterprise, and therefore have many interactions and interdependencies. Solutions may also depend on environmental factors that are external to the enterprise. Enterprise limitations may include factors such as culture, operations, technical components, stakeholder interests, or reporting structures.</p>
<p>Assessing enterprise limitations identifies root causes and describes how enterprise factors limit value realization.</p>
<p>This assessment may be performed at any point during the solution life cycle. It may occur on a solution component during its development or on a completed solution prior to full implementation. It may also occur on an existing solution that is currently working within an organization. Regardless of the timing, the assessment activities are similar and require the same skills.</p>
</section></body>
</html>