<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Estimation</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_281">
<p>10.19 Estimation</p>
<p>Estimation • Primarily helpful only for evaluating the current state, via review of as-is documentation.</p>
<p>• If there is a wide range of sources, the effort may be very time-consuming and lead to information overload and confusion.</p>
<p><strong>10.19</strong></p>
<h3 id="estimation">Estimation</h3>
<p><strong>10.19.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>Estimation is used by business analysts and other stakeholders to forecast the cost and effort involved in pursuing a course of action.</p>
<p><strong>10.19.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Estimation is used to support decision making by predicting attributes such as: • cost and effort to pursue a • potential value anticipated from course of action, a solution, and • expected solution benefits, • costs of creating a solution, • project cost, • costs of operating a solution, • business performance, • potential risk impact.</p>
<p>The result of estimation is sometimes expressed as a single number. Representing the results of estimation as a range, with minimum and maximum values along with probability, may present a higher degree of effectiveness for stakeholders.</p>
<p>This range is referred to as a confidence interval and serves as a measure of the level of uncertainty. The less information that is available to the estimator, the wider the confidence interval will be.</p>
<p>Estimation is an iterative process. Estimates are reviewed as more information becomes available, and are also revised (if appropriate). Many estimation techniques rely on historical performance records from the organization in order to calibrate estimates against prior experience. Each estimate can include an assessment of its associated level of uncertainty.</p>
<p><strong>10.19.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-methods">.1 Methods</h3>
<p>Various methods of estimation are used for specific situations. In each case it is important for the estimators to have an agreed-upon description of the elements to be estimated, often in the form of a work breakdown structure or some other decomposition of all the work being estimated. When developing and delivering an estimate, constraints and assumptions also need to be clearly communicated.</p>
<p>Common estimation methods include: breakdown.</p>
</section></body>
</html>