<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>A Guide to the Business Analysis Body of Knowledge</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_514">
<p>STRATEGY</p>
<p>REQUIREMENTS</p>
<p>SOLUTIONS</p>
<h3 id="a-guide-to-the-business-analysis-body-of-knowledge">A Guide to the Business Analysis Body of Knowledge</h3>
<p>This thoroughly revised and updated version includes: <em>(BABOK</em> • A concept model that unifi es ideas and terminology standard of practice for business analysis. Developed across business analysis disciplines. through a rigorous consensus-driven standards process, the • Restructured knowledge areas to support business wisdom and experience of experts in the fi eld from analysis at every level from small tactical initiatives to around the world. major business transformations.</p>
<p>Previous editions have guided hundreds of thousands • Five perspectives covering the most prominent of professionals in their work, and it has been adopted business analysis disciplines and demonstrating how by hundreds of enterprises as the basis of their to apply the knowledge areas in different situations. business analysis practice.</p>
<p>• Coverage of new business analysis techniques that This latest version of the guide extends its scope have gained wide acceptance in the community. beyond business analysis in projects to address agile • Updated and revised content in every knowledge development, business process management, business area and more! intelligence, and business architecture.</p>
<p>Whether you are considering starting a career in business analysis, or you are an experienced professional in the fi eld, the resource to help you and your stakeholders discover opportunities for business success, deliver successful organizational change, and create business value.</p>
</section></body>
</html>