<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 Limitations</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_296">
<p>10.23 Glossary • Provides a structured approach to building a shared understanding of complex matters among a diverse group of stakeholders.</p>
<p>• Simplifies measurement and estimation of the amount of work involved in pursuing a course of action, defining scope of work, and defining process metrics and indicators.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• Missing or incorrect information at the time decomposition is performed may later cause a need to revise the results of decomposition partially or entirely.</p>
<p>• Many systems cannot be fully represented by simple hierarchical relationships between components because the interactions between components cause emergent characteristics and behaviours.</p>
<p>• Every complex subject allows multiple alternative decompositions. Exploring all alternatives can be a challenging and time-consuming task, while sticking with a single alternative may disregard important opportunities and result in a sub-optimal solution.</p>
<p>• Performing functional decomposition may involve deep knowledge of the subject and extensive collaboration with diverse stakeholders.</p>
<p><strong>10.23</strong> <strong>10.23.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>A glossary defines key terms relevant to a business domain.</p>
<p><strong>10.23.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Glossaries are used to provide a common understanding of terms that are used by stakeholders. A term may have different meanings for any two people. A list of terms and established definitions provides a common language that can be used to communicate and exchange ideas. A glossary is organized and continuously accessible to all stakeholders.</p>
<p><strong>10.23.3</strong></p>
<h3 id="elements">Elements</h3>
<p>A glossary is a list of terms in a particular domain with definitions for those terms and their common synonyms. Organizations or industries may use a term differently than how it is generally understood.</p>
<p>A term is included in the glossary when: • the term is unique to a domain, • there are multiple definitions for the term, • the definition implied is outside of the term's common use, or • there is a reasonable chance of misunderstanding.</p>
</section></body>
</html>