<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Guidelines and Tools</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_150">
<p>7.1.5 Guidelines and Tools <strong>7.1.5</strong></p>
<h2 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h2>
<h3 id="modelling-notationsstandards">• Modelling Notations/Standards</h3>
<p>precisely specified, as is appropriate for the audience and the purpose of the models. Standard templates and syntax help to ensure that the right information is provided about the requirements.</p>
<h3 id="modelling-tools">• Modelling Tools</h3>
<p>matrices and diagrams to represent requirements. This functionality may or may not be part of requirements life cycle management tools.</p>
<h3 id="requirements-architecture">• Requirements Architecture</h3>
<p>them can be used to ensure models are complete and consistent.</p>
<h3 id="requirements-life-cycle-management-tools">• Requirements Life Cycle Management Tools</h3>
<p>facilitate recording, organizing, storing, and sharing requirements and designs.</p>
<h3 id="solution-scope">• Solution Scope</h3>
<p>requirements and designs models.</p>
<p><strong>7.1.6</strong></p>
<h3 id="acceptance-and-evaluation-criteria">• Acceptance and Evaluation Criteria</h3>
<p>evaluation criteria attributes of requirements.</p>
<h3 id="business-capability-analysis">• Business Capability Analysis</h3>
<p>enterprise.</p>
<h2 id="business-model-canvas">• Business Model Canvas</h2>
<h3 id="business-rules-analysis">• Business Rules Analysis</h3>
<p>specified and modelled alongside requirements.</p>
<h3 id="concept-modelling">• Concept Modelling</h3>
<p>change and the enterprise.</p>
<h3 id="data-dictionary">• Data Dictionary</h3>
<p>Details may include definitions, relationships with other data, origin, format, and usage.</p>
<h2 id="data-flow-diagrams">• Data Flow Diagrams</h2>
<h3 id="data-modelling">• Data Modelling</h3>
<p>to meet stakeholder information needs.</p>
<h3 id="decision-modelling">• Decision Modelling</h3>
<p>the elements of decision making required.</p>
<h3 id="functional-decomposition">• Functional Decomposition</h3>
<p>constituent parts of an overall complex business function.</p>
<h3 id="glossary">• Glossary</h3>
<p>analyzing requirements.</p>
<h3 id="interface-analysis">• Interface Analysis</h3>
<p>validate inputs and outputs of the solution they are modelling.</p>
<h3 id="non-functional-requirements-analysis">• Non-Functional Requirements Analysis</h3>
<p>quality of service attributes.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-140">140</p>
</section></body>
</html>