<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Purpose</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_328">
<p>10.35 Process Modelling <strong>10.35</strong> <strong>10.35.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>Process modelling is a standardized graphical model used to show how work is carried out and is a foundation for process analysis.</p>
<p><strong>10.35.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Process models describe the sequential flow of work or activities. A business process model describes the sequential flow of work across defined tasks and activities through an enterprise or part of an enterprise. A system process model defines the sequential flow of control among programs or units within a computer system. A program process flow shows the sequential execution of program statements within a software program. A process model can also be used in documenting operational procedures.</p>
<p>A process model can be constructed on multiple levels, each of which can be aligned to different stakeholder points of view. These levels exist to progressively decompose a complex process into component processes, with each level providing increasing detail and precision. At a high (enterprise or context) level, the model provides a general understanding of a process and its relationship to other processes. At lower (operational) levels, it can define more granular activities and identify all outcomes, including exceptions and alternative paths. At the lowest (system) level, the model can be used as a basis for simulation or execution.</p>
<p>Process models can be used to: • describe the context of the solution or part of the solution, • describe what actually happens, or is desired to happen, during a process, • provide an understandable description of a sequence of activities to an external observer, • provide a visual to accompany a text description, and • provide a basis for process analysis.</p>
<p>The business analyst can use a process model to define the current state of a process (also known as an as-is model) or a potential future state (also known as a to-be model). A model of the current state can provide understanding and agreement as to what happens now. A model of the future state can provide alignment with what is desired to happen in the future.</p>
<p>Process models generally include: • the participants in the process, • the business event that triggers the process, • the steps or activities of the process (both manual and automated), • the paths (flows) and decision points that logically link those activities, and</p>
</section></body>
</html>