<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.4 Precision and Reliability of Estimates</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_283">
<p>Estimation</p>
<p><strong>.3 Sources of Information</strong> Estimators consider available information from prior experience along with the attributes being estimated.</p>
<p>Some common sources of information include: that is like the element being estimated. similar work. This is most helpful if the prior work was done by the same or a similarly-skilled team and by using the same techniques. element being estimated. Estimating often relies on the expertise of those who have performed the work in the past, internal or external to the organization. When using external experts, estimators take into account the relevant skills and abilities of those doing the work being estimated.</p>
<h3 id="4-precision-and-reliability-of-estimates">.4 Precision and Reliability of Estimates</h3>
<p>When multiple estimates are made for a particular attribute, the precision of the resulting estimate is a measure of agreement between the estimates (how close they are to each other). By examining measures of imprecision such as variance or standard deviation, estimators can determine their level of agreement.</p>
<p>The reliability of an estimate (its repeatability) is reflected in the variation of estimates made by different methods of estimating or by different estimators.</p>
<p>To illustrate the level of reliability and precision, an estimate is often expressed as a range of values with an associated confidence level. That is, for a given summary estimate value and confidence level, the range of values is the expected range of possible values based on the estimates provided. For example, if a team estimated that some task would take 40 hours, a 90% confidence interval might be 36 to 44 hours, depending on what they gave as individual estimates. A 95% confidence interval might be 38 to 42 hours. In general, the higher the confidence level in the estimate, the narrower the range would be.</p>
<p>To provide estimates with a particular level of confidence, estimators can use a technique such as PERT. Using the multiple estimates for each component of the estimate, a probability distribution can be constructed. This distribution provides a way to compute an overall estimate (incorporating all of the estimated elements) as a range of values, with an associated level of confidence.</p>
<h3 id="5-contributors-to-estimates">.5 Contributors to Estimates</h3>
<p>The estimators of an element are frequently those responsible for that element.</p>
<p>The estimate of a team is usually more accurate than the estimate of one individual, since it incorporates the expertise of all team members.</p>
<p>In some cases, an organization has a group that performs estimation for much of the work of the organization. This is done with care, so that the estimate reflects the likely context of the element being estimated.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-273">273</p>
</section></body>
</html>