<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Learning</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_200">
<p>9.1.3 Learning • the decision made addresses the need or the opportunity at hand and is in the best interest of all stakeholders, • stakeholders understand all the conditions, environment, and measures in which the decision will be made, and • a decision is made.</p>
<p><strong>9.1.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="learning">Learning</h2>
<h3 id="1-purpose">.1 Purpose</h3>
<p>The ability to quickly absorb new and different types of information and also modify and adapt existing knowledge allows business analysts to work effectively in rapidly changing and evolving environments.</p>
<h3 id="2-definition">.2 Definition</h3>
<p>Learning is the process of gaining knowledge or skills. Learning about a domain passes through a set of stages, from initial acquisition and learning of raw facts, through comprehension of their meaning, to applying the knowledge in day-to-day work, and finally analysis, synthesis, and evaluation. Business analysts must be able to describe their level of understanding of the business domain and be capable of applying that level of understanding to determine which analysis activities need to be performed in a given situation. Once learning about a domain has reached the point where analysis is complete, business analysts must be able to synthesize the information to identify opportunities to create new solutions and evaluate those solutions to ensure that they are effective.</p>
<p>Learning is improved when the learning technique is selected based on the required learning outcomes.</p>
<p>Learning techniques to consider include: diagrams, models, and videos.</p>
<p>Most people experience faster understanding and longer retention of information when more than one learning technique is used.</p>
<h3 id="3-effectiveness-measures">.3 Effectiveness Measures</h3>
<p>Measures of effective learning include: • understanding that learning is a process for all stakeholders, • learning the concepts presented and then demonstrating an understanding of them, • demonstrating the ability to apply concepts to new areas or relationships, • rapidly absorbing new facts, ideas, concepts, and opinions, and</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-190">190</p>
</section></body>
</html>