<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.3 Business Analyst Position</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_382">
<p>stakeholder, is not different because the project uses agile. The primary agents for a change using an agile approach can include: leader frequently shares the same soft skill set of a project manager, but completely delegates the tasks of planning, scheduling, and prioritization to the team. Rather than traditional command-and-control management, servant leadership is preferred in all the agile approaches. Depending on the approach, this role may be called scrum master, iteration manager, team leader, or coach. responsible for ensuring that the change being developed addresses the requirements for which it has been mandated. In Scrum this role is called the product owner. The dynamic systems development method (DSDM) refers to this role as that of a visionary, and extreme programming (XP) refers to it as a customer representative. technical and customer representation. Depending on size and particular context of the initiative, individuals within a team have different specialties.</p>
<p>Usability experts, technical architects, and database administrators are just a sample of such specialized roles that provide support to the team as needed. considered team members, but are an interested party in the outcome of the project or simply required for its completion, playing what can be considered a supporting role in the team.</p>
<h3 id="3-business-analyst-position">.3 Business Analyst Position</h3>
<p>An agile team may have one or more team members with business analysis skills who may or may not have the job title of business analyst. This recognition of cross-skilled team members expands the practice of business analysis beyond that of a single specialist role.</p>
<p>On agile teams, business analysis activities can be performed by one or a combination of: • a business analyst working on the team, • the customer representative or product owner, or • distributing these activities throughout the team.</p>
<h2 id="refer-to-the">Refer to the</h2>
<h3 id="4-business-analysis-outcomes">.4 Business Analysis Outcomes</h3>
<p>In an agile environment, business analysis brings people together and ensures that the right stakeholders are involved with the agile team at the right time.</p>
<p>Open communication and collaboration is one of the principal outcomes of successful business analysis in an agile project.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-372">372</p>
</section></body>
</html>