<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.3 Analyze Results</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_059">
<p>business analysis plan, metrics such as the frequency of the changes to business analysis work products, the number of review cycles required, task efficiency, or qualitative feedback from stakeholders and peers regarding the business analyst’s deliverables. Appropriate performance measures enable the business analyst to determine when problems are occurring that may affect the performance of business analysis or identify opportunities for improvement. Measures may be both quantitative and qualitative. Qualitative measures are subjective and can be heavily influenced by the stakeholder’s attitudes, perceptions, and other subjective criteria.</p>
<p>Some possible measures are: All performance metrics will encourage certain behaviours and discourage others.</p>
<p>Poorly chosen metrics may drive behaviour that is detrimental to the enterprise as a whole. work products were correct and relevant when delivered, or whether ongoing revisions were needed to gain acceptance by stakeholders. experience to perform the assigned task. easy to use as standalone deliverables or whether they required extensive explanation in order to be understood. available to complete business analysis activities as needed. assess whether the cost, time, and resource investments expended to produce the work products were justified for the value they delivered. solved, and improvements were achieved. time per stakeholder expectations and schedule.</p>
<h3 id="3-analyze-results">.3 Analyze Results</h3>
<p>The business analysis process and deliverables are compared against the set of defined measures. The analysis may be performed on the business analysis process, the resources involved, and the deliverables.</p>
<p>Performance may be determined from the point of view of the stakeholders who are the recipients of the business analysis work. Other times a personnel manager or a Centre of Excellence may make this determination and provide assessments.</p>
<p>All stakeholders may have input in assessing the value of the business analysis work but organizations may differ in terms of who has the authority to set the targets against which performance is measured.</p>
<h3 id="4-recommend-actions-for-improvement">.4 Recommend Actions for Improvement</h3>
<p>Once the analysis of performance results is complete, the business analyst engages the appropriate stakeholders to identify the following actions:</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-49">49</p>
</section></body>
</html>