<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Problem Solving</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_201">
<p>9.1.4 Problem Solving • effectively presenting new facts, ideas, concepts, and opinions to others.</p>
<p><strong>9.1.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="problem-solving">Problem Solving</h2>
<h3 id="1-purpose">.1 Purpose</h3>
<p>Business analysts define and solve problems in order to ensure that the real, underlying root cause of a problem is understood by all stakeholders and that solution options address that root cause.</p>
<h3 id="2-definition">.2 Definition</h3>
<p>Defining a problem involves ensuring that the nature of the problem and any underlying issues are clearly understood by all stakeholders. Stakeholder points of view are articulated and addressed to understand any conflicts between the goals and objectives of different groups of stakeholders. Assumptions are identified and validated. The objectives that will be met once the problem is solved are clearly specified, and alternative solutions are considered and possibly developed.</p>
<p>Alternatives are measured against the objectives to determine which possible solution is best, and identify the value and trade-offs that may exist between solutions.</p>
<h3 id="3-effectiveness-measures">.3 Effectiveness Measures</h3>
<p>Measures of effective problem solving include: • confidence of the participants in the problem solving process, • selected solutions meet the defined objectives and solve the root cause of the problem, • new solution options can be evaluated effectively using the problem solving framework, and • the problem solving process avoids making decisions based on unvalidated assumptions, preconceived notions, or other traps that may cause a sub-optimal solution to be selected.</p>
<p><strong>9.1.5</strong></p>
<h2 id="systems-thinking">Systems Thinking</h2>
<h3 id="1-purpose">.1 Purpose</h3>
<p>Understanding how the people, processes, and technology within an organization interact allows business analysts to understand the enterprise from a holistic point of view.</p>
<h3 id="2-definition">.2 Definition</h3>
<p>Systems theory and systems thinking suggest that a system as a whole has properties, behaviours, and characteristics that emerge from the interaction of the components of that system. These factors are not predictable from an understanding of the components alone. For example, just because a business</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-191">191</p>
</section></body>
</html>