<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.5 Storage and Access</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_055">
<p>Requirements may also be reused when describing common features or services that are used across multiple systems, processes, or programs.</p>
<p>To make requirements useful beyond the current change, business analysts plan ahead for requirements reuse by identifying how best to structure, store, and access requirements so they are usable and accessible for future business analysis efforts.</p>
<p>In order for requirements to be reused they must be clearly named, defined, and stored in a repository that is available to other business analysts.</p>
<h3 id="5-storage-and-access">.5 Storage and Access</h3>
<p>Business analysis information can be stored in many ways. Storage decisions depend on many factors such as who must access the information, how often they need to access it, and what conditions must be present for access.</p>
<p>Organizational standards and tool availability also influence storage and access decisions. The business analysis approach defines how various tools will be used on the initiative and how the information will be captured and stored within those tools. Tools may shape the selection of business analysis techniques, notations to be used, and the way that information is organized.</p>
<p>The repository may need to store information other than requirements and designs. It should be able to indicate the status of any stored information, and allow for modification of that information over time.</p>
<h3 id="6-requirements-attributes">.6 Requirements Attributes</h3>
<p>Requirements attributes provide information about requirements, and aid in the ongoing management of the requirements throughout the change. They are planned for and determined with the requirements themselves.</p>
<p>Requirements attributes allow business analysts to associate information with individual or related groups of requirements. The information documented by the attributes helps the team efficiently and effectively make trade-offs between requirements, identify stakeholders affected by potential changes, and understand the effect of a proposed change.</p>
<p>Some commonly used requirements attributes include: altered or reused if the requirement is moved, changed, or deleted. should the requirement later be found to be ambiguous, unclear, or in conflict. or will be the business owner after the solution is implemented. the relative value of a requirement or to the sequence in which it will be implemented.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-45">45</p>
</section></body>
</html>