<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Business Cases</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_244">
<p>10.7 Business Cases</p>
<p>Business Cases • When created unilaterally or in a vacuum it fails to deliver on the goals of alignment and shared understanding.</p>
<p>• Requires a broad, cross–functional collaboration in defining the capability model and the value framework.</p>
<p><strong>10.7</strong></p>
<h3 id="business-cases">Business Cases</h3>
<p><strong>10.7.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>A business case provides a justification for a course of action based on the benefits to be realized by using the proposed solution, as compared to the cost, effort, and other considerations to acquire and live with that solution.</p>
<p><strong>10.7.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>A business case captures the rationale for undertaking a change. A business case is frequently presented in a formal document, but may also be presented through informal methods. The amount of time and resources spent on the business case should be proportional to the size and importance of its potential value. The business case provides sufficient detail to inform and request approval without providing specific intricacies about the method and/or approach to the implementation. It may also be the catalyst for one or many initiatives in order to implement the change.</p>
<p>A business case is used to: • define the need, • determine the desired outcomes, • assess constraints, assumptions, and risks, and • recommend a solution.</p>
<p><strong>10.7.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-need-assessment">.1 Need Assessment</h3>
<p>The need is the driver for the business case. It is the relevant business goal or objective that must be met. Objectives are linked to a strategy or the strategies of the enterprise. The need assessment identifies the problem or the potential opportunity. Throughout the development of the business case, different alternatives to solve the problem or take advantage of the opportunity will be assessed.</p>
<h3 id="2-desired-outcomes">.2 Desired Outcomes</h3>
<p>The desired outcomes describe the state which should result if the need is fulfilled. They should include measurable outcomes that can be utilized to determine the success of the business case or the solution. Desired outcomes</p>
</section></body>
</html>