<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.4 State Tables</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_360">
<p>10.44.4 Usage Considerations</p>
<p>Survey or Questionnaire</p>
<h3 id="4-state-tables">.4 State Tables</h3>
<p>A state table is a two-dimensional matrix showing states and the transitions between them. It can be used during elicitation and analysis either as an alternative, a precursor, or a complement to a state diagram. It is a simple way to get started on a state model in order to elicit the state names and event names from the domain subject matter experts.</p>
<p>Each row shows a starting state, the transition, and the end state. If one state could respond to several transitions, there will be a separate row for each transition.</p>
<p>A state that appears as an end state in one row could be a start state in another row.</p>
<p><strong>10.44.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• Identifies business rules and information attributes that apply to the entity being modelled.</p>
<p>• Identifies and describes the activities that apply to the entity at different states of the entity.</p>
<p>• Is a more effective documentation and communication tool than plain text, especially if the entity being described has more than a few states, transitions, and conditions governing those transitions.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• Is usually only used to understand and communicate about information entities that are perceived to be complex; simple entities may be understood without the time and effort required to build a state model.</p>
<p>• Building a state model appears simple at the start, but achieving a consensus among domain SMEs about the details required by the model can be difficult and time-consuming.</p>
<p>• A high degree of precision about states and transitions is required to build a state diagram; some domain SMEs and business analysis practitioners are uncomfortable trying to describe such a level of detail.</p>
<p><strong>10.45</strong></p>
<h3 id="survey-or-questionnaire">Survey or Questionnaire</h3>
<p><strong>10.45.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>A survey or questionnaire is used to elicit business analysis information—including information about customers, products, work practices, and attitudes—from a group of people in a structured way and in a relatively short period of time.</p>
</section></body>
</html>