<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Decision Analysis</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_108">
<p>5.5.7 Stakeholders</p>
<h2 id="decision-analysis">• Decision Analysis</h2>
<h2 id="item-tracking">• Item Tracking</h2>
<h2 id="reviews">• Reviews</h2>
<h3 id="workshops">• Workshops</h3>
<p><strong>5.5.7</strong></p>
<h2 id="stakeholders">Stakeholders</h2>
<h3 id="customer">• Customer</h3>
<p>and designs to ensure needs are met.</p>
<h3 id="domain-subject-matter-expert">• Domain Subject Matter Expert</h3>
<p>of requirements and designs as defined by stakeholder roles and responsibilities designation.</p>
<h3 id="end-user">• End User</h3>
<p>may be involved in the review, validation, and prioritization of requirements and designs as defined by the stakeholder roles and responsibilities designation.</p>
<h3 id="operational-support">• Operational Support</h3>
<p>are supportable within the constraints imposed by technology standards and organizational capability plans. Operational support personnel may have a role in reviewing and approving requirements.</p>
<h3 id="project-manager">• Project Manager</h3>
<p>with solution design, development, delivery, implementation, operation and sustainment. The project manager may manage the project plan activities pertaining to review and/or approval.</p>
<h3 id="regulator">• Regulator</h3>
<p>on the relationship between stated requirements and specific regulations, either formally in an audit, or informally as inputs to requirements life cycle management tasks.</p>
<h3 id="sponsor">• Sponsor</h3>
<p>product scope, and all requirements and designs.</p>
<h3 id="tester">• Tester</h3>
<p>the business analysis information. For example, requirements have the testable characteristic.</p>
<p><strong>5.5.8</strong></p>
<h3 id="outputs">Outputs</h3>
<p><strong>• Requirements (approved)</strong> and are ready for use in subsequent business analysis efforts.</p>
<p><strong>• Designs (approved)</strong> ready for use in subsequent business analysis or solution development efforts.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-98">98</p>
</section></body>
</html>