<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.3 Effectiveness Measures</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_202">
<p>9.1.6 Conceptual Thinking analyst knows that a customer may return an item they purchased doesn't give the business analyst the full picture. The analyst must analyze the impact the return has on such items as inventory, finance, and store clerk training. In the context of systems theory, the term system includes the people involved, the interactions between them, the external forces affecting their behaviour, and all other relevant elements and factors.</p>
<h3 id="3-effectiveness-measures">.3 Effectiveness Measures</h3>
<p>Measures of effective use of systems thinking include: • communicating how a change to a component affects the system as a whole, • communicating how a change to a system affects the environment it is in, and • communicating how systems adapt to internal and/or external pressures and changes.</p>
<p><strong>9.1.6</strong></p>
<h2 id="conceptual-thinking">Conceptual Thinking</h2>
<h3 id="1-purpose">.1 Purpose</h3>
<p>Business analysts routinely receive large amounts of detailed and potentially disparate information. They apply conceptual thinking skills to find ways to understand how that information fits into a larger picture and what details are important, and to connect seemingly abstract information.</p>
<h3 id="2-definition">.2 Definition</h3>
<p>Conceptual thinking is about understanding the linkage between contexts, solutions, needs, changes, stakeholders, and value abstractly and in the big picture. It involves understanding and connecting information and patterns that may not be obviously related. Conceptual thinking involves understanding where details fit into a larger context. It involves using past experiences, knowledge, creativity, intuition, and abstract thinking to generate alternatives, options, and ideas that are not easily defined or related.</p>
<p>Conceptual thinking in business analysis is specifically about linking factors not easily defined to the underlying problem or opportunity, models, or frameworks that help stakeholders understand and facilitate themselves and others through change. It is needed to connect disparate information from a multitude of stakeholders, objectives, risks, details, and other factors. With this information it generates options and alternatives for a solution, and communicates this information to others while encouraging them to generate ideas of their own.</p>
<h3 id="3-effectiveness-measures">.3 Effectiveness Measures</h3>
<p>Measures of effective conceptual thinking include: • connecting disparate information and acting to better understand the relationship,</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-192">192</p>
</section></body>
</html>