<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 Identify Root Cause</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_325">
<p>regard. When identifying gaps and areas to improve, business analysts: • identify gaps between the current and desired future state, • identify what gaps and areas are value and non-value added, • understand pain points and the challenges of the process from multiple points of view, • understand opportunities to improve the process from multiple points of view, • align the gaps and areas to improve with the strategic direction of the organization, and • understand the relationship of the gaps and areas to improve to changes in the enterprise.</p>
<h3 id="2-identify-root-cause">.2 Identify Root Cause</h3>
<p>Identifying the root cause of the gaps and improvement areas ensures that the solution addresses the right gap and area.</p>
<p>When identifying the root cause, business analysts understand: • there may be multiple root causes, • the inputs leading to the gap or area of improvement, • who the right people are to identify the root cause, and • the current measurements and motivators in place for those owning or performing the process.</p>
<h3 id="3-generate-and-evaluate-options">.3 Generate and Evaluate Options</h3>
<p>Generating options and alternative solutions to solve for the gap or area of improvement helps the team evaluate and see different points of view for improving the process. It is important for stakeholders to be involved in identifying the impact, feasibility, and value of the proposed solution relative to alternative options.</p>
<h2 id="4-common-methods">.4 Common Methods</h2>
<h3 id="sipoc">SIPOC</h3>
<p>SIPOC is a process analysis method that originates in the Six Sigma methodology and has been more commonly adopted as a process analysis method outside of</p>
<h3 id="six-sigma">Six Sigma.</h3>
<p>It is used to look at the process and understand the Suppliers, Inputs, Process, Outputs and Customers of the process being analyzed.</p>
<p>A SIPOC provides a simple overview of the process. It also shows the complexity of who and what is involved in creating inputs to the process and shows who receives outputs from the process. A SIPOC is a powerful tool used to create</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-315">315</p>
</section></body>
</html>