<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 Template Architectures</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_160">
<p>No single viewpoint alone can form an entire architecture. Each viewpoint is stronger for some aspects of the requirements, and weaker for others, as different groups of stakeholders have different concerns. Trying to put too much information into any one viewpoint will make it too complex and degrade its purpose. Examples of viewpoints include: • Business process models, • Data models and information, • User interactions, including use cases and/or user experience, • Audit and security, and • Business models.</p>
<p>Each of those viewpoints has different model notations and techniques, and each is important to ensure a cohesive final solution. The solution would likely not be a success if the business analyst only looked at the business process viewpoint.</p>
<p>Similarly, trying to put conventions from many viewpoints in one single viewpoint would make it overwhelming to analyze and contain information irrelevant to particular stakeholder groups.</p>
<p>The actual requirements and designs for a particular solution from a chosen viewpoint are referred to as a view. A collection of views makes up the requirements architecture for a specific solution. Business analysts align, coordinate, and structure requirements into meaningful views for the various stakeholders. This set of coordinated, complementary views provides a basis for assessing the completeness and coherence of the requirements.</p>
<p>In short, the viewpoints tell business analysts what information they should provide for each stakeholder group to address their concerns, while views describe the actual requirements and designs that are produced.</p>
<h3 id="2-template-architectures">.2 Template Architectures</h3>
<p>An architectural framework is a collection of viewpoints that is standard across an industry, sector, or organization. Business analysts can treat frameworks as predefined templates to start from in defining their architecture. Similarly, the framework can be populated with domain-specific information to form a collection of views that is an even more useful template to build architecture from if it is accurate because the information is already populated in it.</p>
<h3 id="3-completeness">.3 Completeness</h3>
<p>An architecture helps ensure that a set of requirements is complete. The entire set of requirements should be able to be understood by the audience in way that it can be determined that the set is cohesive and tells a full story. No requirements should be missing from the set, inconsistent with others, or contradictory to one another. The requirements architecture should take into account any dependencies between requirements that could keep the objectives from being achieved.</p>
<p>Structuring requirements according to different viewpoints helps ensure this</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-150">150</p>
</section></body>
</html>