<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Guide</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_019">
<p>1.4.6 Perspectives <strong>1.4.6</strong> Perspectives are used within business analysis work to provide focus to tasks and techniques specific to the context of the initiative. Most initiatives are likely to engage one or more perspectives. The perspectives included in the</p>
<h2 id="guide">Guide</h2>
<h2 id="agile">• Agile</h2>
<h2 id="business-intelligence">• Business Intelligence</h2>
<h2 id="information-technology">• Information Technology</h2>
<h2 id="business-architecture">• Business Architecture</h2>
<h3 id="business-process-management">• Business Process Management</h3>
<p>These perspectives do not presume to represent all the possible perspectives from which business analysis is practiced. The perspectives discussed in the</p>
<h3 id="guide">Guide</h3>
<p>of writing.</p>
<p>Perspectives are not mutually exclusive, in that a given initiative might employ more than one perspective.</p>
<p>Perspectives have the following structure:</p>
<h2 id="change-scope">• Change Scope</h2>
<h3 id="business-analysis-scope">• Business Analysis Scope</h3>
<h2 id="methodologies-approaches-and-techniques">• Methodologies, Approaches, and Techniques</h2>
<h2 id="underlying-competencies">• Underlying Competencies</h2>
<h2 id="impact-on-knowledge-areas">• Impact on Knowledge Areas</h2>
<h3 id="1-change-scope">.1 Change Scope</h3>
<p>The Change Scope section describes what parts of the enterprise the change encompasses when viewed from this perspective and to what extent it impacts both the objectives and operations of the enterprise. The change scope also identifies the type of problems solved, the nature of the solutions being sought, and the approach to delivering these solutions and measuring their value.</p>
<h3 id="2-business-analysis-scope">.2 Business Analysis Scope</h3>
<p>The Business Analysis Scope section describes the key stakeholders, including a profile of the likely types of sponsors, the target stakeholders, and the business analyst's role within an initiative. It also defines likely outcomes that would be expected from business analysis work in this perspective.</p>
<h3 id="3-methodologies-approaches-and-techniques">.3 Methodologies, Approaches, and Techniques</h3>
<p>The composition of this section is unique to each perspective. In each case it describes the methodologies, approaches, or techniques that are common and specific to the application of business analysis in the perspective. Methodologies</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-9">9</p>
</section></body>
</html>