<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.3 Context of Non-Functional Requirements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_314">
<p>Non-Functional Requirements Analysis</p>
<p><strong>.2 Measurement of Non-Functional Requirements</strong> Non-functional requirements often describe quality characteristics in vague terms, such as “the process must be easy to learn", or “the system must respond quickly”. To be useful to developers of a solution and to be verifiable, non-functional requirements must be quantified whenever possible. Including an appropriate measure of success provides the opportunity for verification.</p>
<p>For example: • "The process must be easy to learn" can be expressed as "90% of operators must be able to use the new process after no more than six hours of training", and • "The system must respond quickly" can be expressed as "The system must provide 90% of responses in no more than two seconds".</p>
<p>Measurement of the other categories of non-functional requirements is guided by the source of the requirement.</p>
<p>For example: • certification requirements are generally specified in measurable detail by the organization setting the standard or convention, such as ISO Certification standards, • compliance requirements and localization requirements are set in measurable detail by their providers, • effective service level agreements state clearly the measures of success required, and • an organization’s enterprise architecture generally defines the solution environment requirements and specifies exactly which platform or other attribute of the environment is required.</p>
<h3 id="3-context-of-non-functional-requirements">.3 Context of Non-Functional Requirements</h3>
<p>Depending on the category of non-functional requirements, the context may have to be considered. For example, a regulatory agency may impose context-impacting compliance and security requirements, or an organization that is expanding operations abroad may have to consider localization and scalability requirements. Determining the optimal portfolio of non-functional requirements in a given organizational context is central to delivering value to stakeholders.</p>
<p>The assessment of a non-functional requirement, such as localization or maintainability, may impose contextual pressures on other non-functional requirements. For instance, regulations or resources in one jurisdiction may affect the maintainability of a solution in that region, and so it may justify a lower performance efficiency or reliability measure of success than in another jurisdiction.</p>
<p>Context is dynamic by nature and non-functional requirements may need to be adjusted or removed outright. Business analysts consider the relative stability of the context when evaluating non-functional requirements.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-304">304</p>
</section></body>
</html>