<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Verbal Communication (p. 204),</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_214">
<p>9.4.1 Verbal Communication meanings (for example, using visual aids, graphs, diagrams, or bullet points), and • understand the expectations of the recipients.</p>
<p>Communication Skills core competencies include:</p>
<h2 id="verbal-communication-p-204">• Verbal Communication (p. 204),</h2>
<h2 id="non-verbal-communication-p-205">• Non-Verbal Communication (p. 205),</h2>
<h3 id="written-communication-p-205-and">• Written Communication (p. 205), and</h3>
<p>• Listening (p. 206).</p>
<p><strong>9.4.1</strong></p>
<h2 id="verbal-communication">Verbal Communication</h2>
<h3 id="1-purpose">.1 Purpose</h3>
<p>Business analysts use verbal communication to convey ideas, concepts, facts, and opinions to a variety of stakeholders.</p>
<h3 id="2-description">.2 Description</h3>
<p>Verbal communication uses spoken words to convey information from the sender to the receiver. Verbal communication skills are used to express business analysis information, ideas, concepts, facts, and opinions. It allows for the efficient transfer of information, including emotional and other non-verbal cues. It can be paired with both written and non-verbal communication.</p>
<p>Verbal communication deals specifically with the sender's choice of words and the tone of voice. When the receiver is able to see the sender, the sender's non-verbal communication impacts the meaning of the message being understood by the receiver. When the sender is able to see the receiver, the receiver is providing a response and both the sender and receiver are engaged in a dialogue, even though the receiver may not be speaking verbally. Monitoring the receiver's non-verbal communication allows the sender to consider adapting the message for the receiver.</p>
<p>Having an understanding of the tone of the communication and how it can positively or negatively influence the listener allows the business analyst to more effectively communicate verbally. Effective verbal communication skills include the ability to make one's meaning understood. The sender should partner verbal communication with active listening to ensure that information presented is being understood by the receiver.</p>
<h3 id="3-effectiveness-measures">.3 Effectiveness Measures</h3>
<p>Measures of effective verbal communication include: • restating concepts to ensure all stakeholders clearly understand the same information, • assisting conversations to reach productive conclusions,</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-204">204</p>
</section></body>
</html>