<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Customer Segments</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_249">
<p><strong>Channels</strong> Channels are the different ways an enterprise interacts with and delivers value to its customers. Some channels are very communication-oriented (for example, marketing channel), and some are delivery-oriented (for example, distribution channel). Other examples include sales channels and partnering channels.</p>
<p>Enterprises use channels to: • raise awareness about their offerings, • help customers evaluate the value proposition, • allow customers to purchase a good or service, • help the enterprise deliver on the value proposition, and • provide support.</p>
<p>Understanding channels involves identifying the processes, procedures, technologies, inputs, and outputs (and their current impact), as well as understanding the relationship of the various channels to the strategies of the organization.</p>
<h3 id="customer-segments">Customer Segments</h3>
<p>Customer segments group customers with common needs and attributes so that the enterprise can more effectively and efficiently address the needs of each segment.</p>
<p>An organization within an enterprise may consider defining and targeting distinct customer segments based on: • different needs for each segment, • varying profitability between segments, • different distribution channels, and • formation and maintenance of customer relationships.</p>
<h3 id="cost-structure">Cost Structure</h3>
<p>Every entity, product, or activity within an enterprise has an associated cost.</p>
<p>Enterprises seek to reduce, minimize, or eliminate costs wherever possible.</p>
<p>Reducing costs may increase the profitability of an organization and allow those funds to be used in other ways to create value for the organization and for customers. Therefore, it is important to understand the type of business models, the differences in the types of costs and their impact, and where the enterprise is focusing its efforts to reduce costs.</p>
<h3 id="revenue-streams">Revenue Streams</h3>
<p>A revenue stream is a way or method by which revenue comes into an enterprise from each customer segment in exchange for the realization of a value proposition. There are two basic ways revenue is generated for an enterprise:</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-239">239</p>
</section></body>
</html>