<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Figure 10.32.3: Matrix Organizational Model</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_320">
<p>Organizational Modelling for each product, service, or customer group. Employees report to a line manager, who is responsible for the performance of a type of work and for identifying opportunities for efficiency in the work, and to a market (or product, service, or project) manager, who is responsible for managing the product or service across multiple functional areas. A challenge of the matrix model is that each employee has two managers (who are focused on different goals) and accountability is difficult to maintain.</p>
<h2 id="figure-10323-matrix-organizational-model">Figure 10.32.3: Matrix Organizational Model</h2>
<h2 id="area-1">Area 1</h2>
<h2 id="area-2">Area 2</h2>
<h2 id="area-3">Area 3</h2>
<h2 id="line-manager">Line Manager</h2>
<h2 id="line-manager">Line Manager</h2>
<h2 id="line-manager">Line Manager</h2>
<h2 id="employee">Employee</h2>
<h2 id="project-manager">Project Manager</h2>
<h2 id="employee">Employee</h2>
<h2 id="employee">Employee</h2>
<h2 id="process-manager">Process Manager</h2>
<h2 id="employee">Employee</h2>
<h2 id="employee">Employee</h2>
<h2 id="employee">Employee</h2>
<h2 id="product-manager">Product Manager</h2>
<h2 id="employee">Employee</h2>
<h2 id="employee">Employee</h2>
<h2 id="employee">Employee</h2>
<h3 id="2-roles">.2 Roles</h3>
<p>An organizational unit includes a number of defined roles. Each role requires a certain set of skills and knowledge, has specific responsibilities, performs certain kinds of work, and has defined relationships with other roles in the organization.</p>
<h3 id="3-interfaces">.3 Interfaces</h3>
<p>Each organizational unit has interfaces with other organizational units. Interfaces (interactions) may be in the form of communication with people in other roles and work packages that the organizational unit receives from or delivers to other units.</p>
<h3 id="4-organizational-charts">.4 Organizational Charts</h3>
<p>The fundamental diagram used in organizational modelling is the organizational chart (org chart).</p>
<p>There is no recognized standard for org charts, although there are some conventions that most org charts follow: • A box depicts:</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-310">310</p>
</section></body>
</html>