<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.4 Timing of Business Analysis Work</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_038">
<p>• using a previous similar initiative as an outline and applying the detailed tasks and activities unique to the current initiative.</p>
<h3 id="4-timing-of-business-analysis-work">.4 Timing of Business Analysis Work</h3>
<p>Business analysts determine when the business analysis tasks need to be performed and if the level of business analysis effort will need to vary over time.</p>
<p>This type of planning includes determining whether the business analysis tasks performed within the other knowledge areas will be performed primarily in specific phases or iteratively over the course of the initiative.</p>
<p>The timing of business analysis activities can also be affected by: • the availability of resources, • priority and/or urgency of the initiative, • other concurrent initiatives, or • constraints such as contract terms or regulatory deadlines.</p>
<h3 id="5-complexity-and-risk">.5 Complexity and Risk</h3>
<p>The complexity and size of the change and the overall risk of the effort to the organization are considered when determining the business analysis approach. As complexity and risk increase or decrease, the nature and scope of business analysis work can be altered and reflected in the approach.</p>
<p>The approach may also be altered based on the number of stakeholders or business analysis resources involved in the initiative. As the number of stakeholders increases, the approach may be adjusted to include additional process steps to better manage the business analysis work.</p>
<p>Other factors that can impact complexity include: • size of the change, • number of business areas or systems affected, • geographic and cultural considerations, • technological complexities, and • any risks that could impede the business analysis effort.</p>
<p>Factors that can impact the risk level of a business analysis effort include: • experience level of the business analyst, • extent of domain knowledge held by the business analyst, • level of experience stakeholders have in communicating their needs, • stakeholder attitudes about the change and business analysis in general, • amount of time allocated by stakeholders to the business analysis activities, • any pre-selected framework, methodology, tools, and/or techniques</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-28">28</p>
</section></body>
</html>