<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Approaches and Techniques</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_383">
<p>11.1.3 Approaches and Techniques Business analysts ensure that the project's vision and direction are in strategic alignment to the organizational goals and business need. The business analyst holds shared responsibility in defining strategic criteria for project completion and during the project assists with defining acceptance criteria. They also facilitate the articulation of the product vision statement. The product vision statement is a common initial deliverable.</p>
<p>Documentation rigour and style is highly dependent on the purpose and the context in which it is produced. Agile approaches favour just enough and just-in-time documentation rather than establishing predefined models for documentation to be delivered. This documentation approach allows for the documents to incorporate as much of the change introduced as possible while keeping the cost of change low. Mandatory documentation, such as that required for auditing or compliance reporting, are still produced as part of each delivery cycle. It is important that documents address an identified need and deliver more value than the cost incurred to produce and maintain them.</p>
<p><strong>11.1.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="approaches-and-techniques">Approaches and Techniques</h2>
<h3 id="1-approaches">.1 Approaches</h3>
<p>Agile is an umbrella term for a variety of approaches. All agile approaches practice business analysis but only a few explicitly define the business analysis role. The primary characteristic of any agile approach is its alignment to the values and principles of the Agile Manifesto. An agile team may implement or evolve to use a combination of approaches which enables them to deliver value more effectively given their project type and work environment.</p>
<h2 id="table-1111-agile-approaches">Table 11.1.1: Agile Approaches</h2>
<h3 id="approach">Approach</h3>
<p><strong>Brief description</strong></p>
<h3 id="crystal-clear">Crystal Clear</h3>
<p>Part of a family of Crystal methodologies which are defined based on hardness and colour. The hardness refers to the business criticality or potential for causing harm, which amounts to more rigour and predictive planning being required as the criticality increases. Colour refers to the heaviness of the project across a number of dimensions including number of people required and risk elements in the project.</p>
<h3 id="disciplined-agile">Disciplined Agile</h3>
<p>Delivery (DAD) A decision process framework which incorporates ideas from a variety of other agile approaches. It is intended to support a project from initiation through delivery. DAD is not prescriptive and allows for teams to customize their own life cycles and approaches.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-373">373</p>
</section></body>
</html>