<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 Distribute the Survey or Questionnaire</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_362">
<p>Survey or Questionnaire and the number of people in the identified user group in order to determine if it is necessary and feasible to survey the entire group. It may be important to survey all members—even of a large group—if their demographics indicate a wide variance due to geographic distribution, regulatory differences, or lack of standardization in job function or business process. If the population is large and the survey type is open-ended, it may be necessary to identify a subset of users to engage in the questionnaire process. Using a statistical sampling method will help ensure that the sample selected is representative of the population so that the survey results can be reliably generalized. appropriate communication mode for each sample group. response rate is acceptable and when it should be closed or considered complete. If the actual response rate is lower than the acceptable threshold, the use of the survey results may be limited. <strong>individual interviews</strong> depth of data that can be obtained from individual interviews, consider either pre- or post-survey or questionnaire interviews. stated objectives. errors and opportunities for improvement.</p>
<h3 id="2-distribute-the-survey-or-questionnaire">.2 Distribute the Survey or Questionnaire</h3>
<p>When distributing the survey or questionnaire it is important to communicate the survey's objectives, how its results will be used, as well as any arrangements for confidentiality or anonymity that have been made.</p>
<p>When deciding on a method of distribution (for example, in-person, e-mail, or survey tool), business analysts consider: • the urgency of obtaining the results, • the level of security required, and • the geographic distribution of the respondents.</p>
<h3 id="3-document-the-results">.3 Document the Results</h3>
<p>When documenting the results of the survey or questionnaire, business analysts: • collate the responses, • summarize the results, • evaluate the details and identify any emerging themes,</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-352">352</p>
</section></body>
</html>