<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.3 Value and Solutions Delivered</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_380">
<p>elements of the program can be developed using agile or another methodology that is appropriate for the need. Agile principles and practices are often successfully applied in initiatives where: • there is a clear commitment from the customer and engagement by empowered subject matter experts (SMEs), • the business need or proposed solution is complex or complicated, and • business needs are changing or unknown and are still emerging.</p>
<p>Agile approaches can be used for initiatives that are developing a solution for the first time, or for maintaining and enhancing an existing solution. For example, if the change is mission critical then processes can be added to address regulatory requirements and to deal with the mission critical aspects of the project.</p>
<h3 id="3-value-and-solutions-delivered">.3 Value and Solutions Delivered</h3>
<p>The value and solutions delivered in an agile initiative are similar to any other initiative. The difference with an agile approach is the emphasis on delivering value early in a highly collaborative manner, using adaptive planning that has a focus on continuous improvement.</p>
<p>An agile initiative provides value by virtue of the approach taken by an agile team through ongoing review and feedback of the work performed. Stakeholders get the opportunity to frequently review the product, which allows them to identify any missed requirements early. The solution evolves over time with an expectation of rapid and flexible response to change. Clarity and visibility of all communications is of the utmost importance to ensure the agile team’s efforts align with the organization’s needs and expectations.</p>
<p>In a new team, the business analyst often plays a central role in building rapport and trust amongst the agile team members and external stakeholders to help enable ongoing collaborative discussions and engagement. This interaction enables the agile team to accurately deliver value that meets evolving stakeholder needs.</p>
<h3 id="4-delivery-approach">.4 Delivery Approach</h3>
<p>Agile approaches focus on people interactions, transparent communications, and ongoing delivery of valuable change to stakeholders.</p>
<p>Each agile approach has its own unique set of characteristics that allows teams to select an approach that best suits the initiative at hand. Some agile teams have found that a hybrid or combination of approaches is necessary to work within the constraints of their environment.</p>
<h3 id="refer-to-the">Refer to the</h3>
<p>agile delivery approaches.</p>
<h3 id="5-major-assumptions">.5 Major Assumptions</h3>
<p>The assumptions in place in agile environments frequently include: • Changing requirements are welcome, even late in development.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-370">370</p>
</section></body>
</html>