<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• End User</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_075">
<p>4.2.8 Outputs</p>
<p>Confirm Elicitation Results assists the business analyst in identifying appropriate research sources, and may help to arrange research, experiments, and facilitated elicitation.</p>
<h3 id="end-user">• End User</h3>
<p>elicitation.</p>
<h3 id="implementation-subject-matter-expert">• Implementation Subject Matter Expert</h3>
<p>and provides specialist expertise, and can participate in elicitation by asking clarifying questions and offering alternatives.</p>
<h3 id="sponsor">• Sponsor</h3>
<p>in elicitation are involved.</p>
<p><strong>• Any stakeholders</strong> in elicitation activities.</p>
<p><strong>4.2.8</strong></p>
<h2 id="outputs">Outputs</h2>
<h3 id="elicitation-results-unconfirmed">• Elicitation Results (unconfirmed)</h3>
<p>specific to the elicitation activity.</p>
<p><strong>4.3</strong></p>
<h3 id="confirm-elicitation-results">Confirm Elicitation Results</h3>
<p><strong>4.3.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>The purpose of Confirm Elicitation Results is to check the information gathered during an elicitation session for accuracy and consistency with other information.</p>
<p><strong>4.3.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Elicited information is confirmed to identify any problems and resolve them before resources are committed to using the information. This review may discover errors, omissions, conflicts, and ambiguity.</p>
<p>The elicitation results can be compared against their source and other elicitation results to ensure consistency. Collaboration with stakeholders might be necessary to ensure their inputs are correctly captured and that they agree with the results of non-facilitated elicitation. If information is not correct, the business analyst determines what is correct, which can require more elicitation. Committing resources to business analysis activities based on unconfirmed elicitation results may mean stakeholder expectations are not met. If the results are inconsistent, additional elicitation might need to be conducted to resolve the discrepancies.</p>
<p>Confirming the elicitation results is a much less rigorous and formal review than occurs during analysis.</p>
<p><strong>4.3.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="inputs">Inputs</h2>
<h3 id="elicitation-results-unconfirmed">• Elicitation Results (unconfirmed)</h3>
<p>the elicitation activity.</p>
</section></body>
</html>