<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Stakeholder List, Map, or Personas</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_446">
<p>• Estimation (p. 271) • Reviews (p. 326)</p>
<h2 id="stakeholder-list-map-or-personas">• Stakeholder List, Map, or Personas</h2>
<h3 id="item-tracking-p-294">• Item Tracking (p. 294)</h3>
<p>(p. 344)</p>
<h3 id="process-modelling-p-318">• Process Modelling (p. 318)</h3>
<p>• Workshops (p. 363)</p>
<h3 id="other-business-analysis-techniques">Other Business Analysis Techniques</h3>
<h2 id="inputs-guide-outputs-enablers-igoe">• Inputs, Guide, Outputs, Enablers (IGOE)</h2>
<h3 id="2-elicitation-and-collaboration">.2 Elicitation and Collaboration</h3>
<p>For the BPM initiative to be successful, the scope of the initiative and the scope of the affected process must be defined and understood.</p>
<p>Process modelling and stakeholder analysis are generally utilized during the elicitation phase of a BPM initiative. During elicitation, the business analyst focuses on cause and effect of both changing existing processes and keeping the processes as they are through the elicitation and collaboration effort. As an existing process is changed, the effect of any process improvements identified on the organization, people, and technology are considered. Process maps are an important tool to drive elicitation in BPM initiatives and stakeholders are frequently consulted during their development. Effective elicitation and collaboration is critical in process modelling analysis and design work.</p>
<p>Process changes can have significant impacts across the organization, so managing stakeholders and their expectations is particularly critical. Without effective stakeholder management, process changes may not be successfully implemented or the changes may not meet the organization's goals and objectives.</p>
<p>• Brainstorming (p. 227) • Reviews (p. 326)</p>
<h2 id="document-analysis-p-269">• Document Analysis (p. 269)</h2>
<h2 id="root-cause-analysis-p-335">• Root Cause Analysis (p. 335)</h2>
<h2 id="focus-groups-p-279">• Focus Groups (p. 279)</h2>
<h2 id="scope-modelling-p-338">• Scope Modelling (p. 338)</h2>
<h2 id="interface-analysis-p-287">• Interface Analysis (p. 287)</h2>
<h3 id="stakeholder-list-map-or-personas">• Stakeholder List, Map, or Personas</h3>
<p>(p. 344) • Interviews (p. 290)</p>
<h2 id="survey-or-questionnaire-p-350">• Survey or Questionnaire (p. 350)</h2>
<h3 id="metrics-and-key-performance">• Metrics and Key Performance</h3>
<p>Indicators (KPIs) (p. 297)</p>
<h3 id="use-cases-and-scenarios-p-356">• Use Cases and Scenarios (p. 356)</h3>
<p>• Observation (p. 305)</p>
<h2 id="user-stories-p-359">• User Stories (p. 359)</h2>
<h3 id="process-modelling-p-318">• Process Modelling (p. 318)</h3>
<p>• Workshops (p. 363) • Prototyping (p. 323)</p>
<h2 id="other-business-analysis-techniques">Other Business Analysis Techniques</h2>
<h3 id="house-of-qualityvoice-of-customer">• House of Quality/Voice of Customer</h3>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-436">436</p>
</section></body>
</html>