<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_185">
<p>8.3.4 Elements <strong>8.3.4</strong></p>
<h3 id="elements">Elements</h3>
<h2 id="1-identify-internal-solution-component-dependencies">.1 Identify Internal Solution Component Dependencies</h2>
<p>Solutions often have internal dependencies that limit the performance of the entire solution to the performance of the least effective component. Assessment of the overall performance of the solution or its components is performed in the tasks Measure Solution Performance (p. 166) and Analyze Performance Measures (p. 170). Business analysts identify solution components which have dependencies on other solution components, and then determine if there is anything about those dependencies or other components that limit solution performance and value realization.</p>
<h3 id="2-investigate-solution-problems">.2 Investigate Solution Problems</h3>
<p>When it is determined that the solution is consistently or repeatedly producing ineffective outputs, problem analysis is performed in order to identify the source of the problem.</p>
<p>Business analysts identify problems in a solution or solution component by examining instances where the outputs from the solution are below an acceptable level of quality or where the potential value is not being realized.</p>
<p>Problems may be indicated by an inability to meet a stated goal, objective, or requirement, or may be a failure to realize a benefit that was projected during the tasks Define Change Strategy (p. 124) or Recommend Actions to Increase</p>
<h2 id="solution-value-p-182">Solution Value (p. 182).</h2>
<h3 id="3-impact-assessment">.3 Impact Assessment</h3>
<p>Business analysts review identified problems in order to assess the effect they may have on the operation of the organization or the ability of the solution to deliver its potential value. This requires determining the severity of the problem, the probability of the re-occurrence of the problem, the impact on the business operations, and the capacity of the business to absorb the impact. Business analysts identify which problems must be resolved, which can be mitigated through other activities or approaches, and which can be accepted.</p>
<p>Other activities or approaches may include additional quality control measures, new or adjusted business processes, or additional support for exceptions to the desired outcome.</p>
<p>In addition to identified problems, business analysts assess risks to the solution and potential limitations of the solution. This risk assessment is specific to the solution and its limitations.</p>
<p><strong>8.3.5</strong></p>
<h2 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h2>
<h3 id="change-strategy">• Change Strategy</h3>
<p>potential value.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-175">175</p>
</section></body>
</html>