<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Acceptance and Evaluation Criteria</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_417">
<p>systems within the change and the surrounding environment. It is important for a business analyst working in the IT discipline to understand the context of the solution and how changes within one system or process can impact other systems within the environment. These impacts can add negative or positive value to the other systems, therefore impacting the overall realization of value for the change.</p>
<p>One aspect of solution evaluation within an IT context is software testing or solution testing. Testing or quality assurance ensures that the solution performs as anticipated or designed, and that it meets the needs of the business or stakeholders who requested the change effort. The business analyst works with quality assurance (testers) to ensure that technical solutions will meet the business needs as defined by the requirements and other business analysis deliverables. Testers utilize testing methodologies to plan, develop, and execute tests. This aspect of solution testing generally focuses on complete process testing, including across systems to ensure end-to-end solution quality and accuracy. Business analysts work with stakeholders to plan, develop, and execute user acceptance tests to ensure that the solution meets their needs.</p>
<p>Business analysts make themselves aware of the rationale for implementing an IT solution and how that rationale works to create solution value. This value realization is commonly associated with better support for business processes and procedures.</p>
<p>Business and technical objectives are associated with benefits and value realization which are measured against defined metrics used to evaluate success.</p>
<p>Requirements should trace back to the objectives, and this traceability provides a foundation for solution evaluation. The analysis of solution performance focuses on technical systems and how they provide potential and actual value to stakeholders.</p>
<p>Where a large organizational change contains an IT element, an IT solution evaluation can contribute to a broader benefits realization activity associated with the whole change program.</p>
<p>As part of solution evaluation activities, a business analyst may work with a team to complete tasks, such as assessing solution limitations and assessing the impacts of such limitations. The business analyst may support and assess technical testing efforts for all, or a portion of, the developed solution.</p>
<h2 id="acceptance-and-evaluation-criteria">• Acceptance and Evaluation Criteria</h2>
<h3 id="risk-analysis-and-management">• Risk Analysis and Management</h3>
<p>(p. 217) (p. 329)</p>
<h2 id="decision-analysis-p-261">• Decision Analysis (p. 261)</h2>
<h3 id="process-modelling-p-318">• Process Modelling (p. 318)</h3>
<p>• Estimation (p. 271)</p>
<h2 id="swot-analysis-p-353">• SWOT Analysis (p. 353)</h2>
<h2 id="item-tracking-p-294">• Item Tracking (p. 294)</h2>
<h2 id="vendor-assessment-p-361">• Vendor Assessment (p. 361)</h2>
<h3 id="metrics-and-key-performance">• Metrics and Key Performance</h3>
<p>Indicators (KPIs) (p. 297)</p>
<h3 id="organizational-modelling-p-308">• Organizational Modelling (p. 308)</h3>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-407">407</p>
</section></body>
</html>