<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Usage Considerations</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_230">
<p>10.1.4 Usage Considerations</p>
<p>Backlog Management <strong>10.1.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• Agile methodologies may require that all requirements be expressed in the form of testable acceptance criteria.</p>
<p>• Acceptance criteria are necessary when the requirements express contractual obligations.</p>
<p>• Acceptance criteria provide the ability to assess requirements based on agreed-upon criteria.</p>
<p>• Evaluation criteria provide the ability to assess diverse needs based on agreed-upon criteria, such as features, common indicators, local or global benchmarks, and agreed ratios.</p>
<p>• Evaluation criteria assist in the delivery of expected return on investment (ROI) or otherwise specified potential value.</p>
<p>• Evaluation criteria helps in defining priorities.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• Acceptance criteria may express contractual obligations and as such may be difficult to change for legal or political reasons.</p>
<p>• Achieving agreement on evaluation criteria for different needs among diverse stakeholders can be challenging.</p>
<p><strong>10.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="backlog-management">Backlog Management</h3>
<p><strong>10.2.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>The backlog is used to record, track, and prioritize remaining work items.</p>
<p><strong>10.2.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>A backlog occurs when the volume of work items to be completed exceeds the capacity to complete them.</p>
<p>Backlog management refers to the planned approach to determine: • what work items should be formally included in the backlog, • how to describe the work items, • how the work items should be tracked, • how the work items should be periodically reviewed and prioritized in relation to all other items in the backlog, • how the work items are eventually selected to be worked on, and • how the work items are eventually removed from the backlog.</p>
</section></body>
</html>