<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Non-Verbal Communication</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_215">
<p>9.4.2 Non-Verbal Communication • delivering effective presentations by designing and positioning content and objectives appropriately, and • communicating an issue's important points in a calm and rational manner, and presenting solution options.</p>
<p><strong>9.4.2</strong></p>
<h2 id="non-verbal-communication">Non-Verbal Communication</h2>
<h3 id="1-purpose">.1 Purpose</h3>
<p>Non-verbal communication skills enable the effective sending and receiving of messages through—but not limited to—body movement, posture, facial expressions, gestures, and eye contact.</p>
<h3 id="2-definition">.2 Definition</h3>
<p>Communication is typically focused upon words that are written or spoken. Non-verbal communication, however, is believed to convey much more meaning than words alone. Moods, attitudes, and feelings impact body movement and facial expressions. Non-verbal communication begins immediately when one person is able to see another. The effective use of non-verbal communication skills can present a trustworthy, confident, and capable demeanor. Being aware of non-verbal communication provides the opportunity to be aware and address the feelings of others that are not expressed verbally.</p>
<p>Observing gestures or expressions cannot provide a complete understanding of the message being expressed by these non-verbal cues. These cues are indicators of the feelings and intent of the communicator. For example, when a stakeholder's non-verbal communication does not agree with their verbal message, the business analyst may want to explore the conversation further to uncover the source of this disagreement.</p>
<h3 id="3-effectiveness-measures">.3 Effectiveness Measures</h3>
<p>Measures of effective non-verbal communication include: • being aware of body language in others, but not assuming a complete understanding through non-verbal communication, • intentional awareness of personal non-verbal communication, • improving trust and communication as a result of non-verbal communication, and • effectively addressing and resolving situations when a stakeholder's non-verbal communication does not agree with their verbal message.</p>
<p><strong>9.4.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="written-communication">Written Communication</h2>
<h3 id="1-purpose">.1 Purpose</h3>
<p>Business analysts use written communication to to convey ideas, concepts, facts, and opinions to variety of stakeholders.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-205">205</p>
</section></body>
</html>