<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Teamwork</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_219">
<p>9.5.3 Teamwork • influence on stakeholders to understand mutual interests, • effective use of collaboration techniques to influence others, • influence on stakeholders to consider broader objectives over personal motivations, and • re-framing issues so alternate perspectives can be understood and accommodated to influence stakeholders towards shared goals.</p>
<p><strong>9.5.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="teamwork">Teamwork</h2>
<h3 id="1-purpose">.1 Purpose</h3>
<p>Teamwork skills allow business analysts to work productively with team members, stakeholders, and any other vested partners so that solutions can be effectively developed and implemented.</p>
<h3 id="2-definition">.2 Definition</h3>
<p>Business analysts often work as part of a team with other business analysts, project managers, stakeholders, and subject matter experts (SMEs). Relationships with people in those roles are a critical part of the success of any project or enterprise. It is important for the business analyst to understand how a team is formed and how it functions. Recognizing team dynamics and how they play a part as the team progresses through various stages of a project is also crucial.</p>
<p>Knowing and adapting to how and when a team is progressing through a project's life cycle can lower the negative influences that impact a team.</p>
<p>Building and maintaining trust of teammates contributes to the integrity of the team as a whole and helps the team perform at its fullest capacity. When team members actively foster an environment for positive and trusting team dynamics, difficult decisions and challenges become less complicated.</p>
<p>Team conflict is common. If handled well, the resolution of conflict can benefit the team. Resolving conflict requires the team to focus on examining the positions, assumptions, observations, and expectations of all team members.</p>
<p>Working through such problems can have the beneficial effect of strengthening the foundation of the analysis and the solution.</p>
<h3 id="3-effectiveness-measures">.3 Effectiveness Measures</h3>
<p>Measures of effective teamwork include: • fostering a collaborative working environment, • effectively resolving conflict, • developing trust among team members, • support among the team for shared high standards of achievement, and • promoting a shared sense of ownership of the team goals.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-209">209</p>
</section></body>
</html>