<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Figure 10.42.3: Message</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_353">
<p>10.42.4 Usage Considerations</p>
<p>Sequence Diagrams activation box of the object that receives the message.</p>
<p>The name of the message is placed on top of the arrowed line. There are different types of messages: cannot act until a return message is received. with its own processing after sending the signal. The object may send many signals simultaneously, but may only accept one signal at a time.</p>
<h2 id="figure-10423-message">Figure 10.42.3: Message</h2>
<h2 id="object-1">Object 1</h2>
<h2 id="object-2">Object 2</h2>
<h2 id="object-3">Object 3</h2>
<h2 id="call">Call</h2>
<h2 id="synchronous">Synchronous</h2>
<h2 id="message">Message</h2>
<h2 id="asynchronous">Asynchronous</h2>
<h2 id="message">Message</h2>
<h2 id="response">Response</h2>
<h2 id="execution">Execution</h2>
<h2 id="specification">Specification</h2>
<h2 id="x">X</h2>
<h2 id="destruction">Destruction</h2>
<h3 id="lifeline">Lifeline</h3>
<p><strong>10.42.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• Shows the interaction between the objects of a system in the chronological order that the interactions occur.</p>
<p>• Shows the interaction between the objects in a visual manner that allows the logic to be validated by stakeholders with relative ease.</p>
<p>• Use cases can be refined into one or more sequence diagrams in order to provide added detail and a more in-depth understanding of a business process.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• Time and effort can be wasted creating a complete set of sequence diagrams for each use case of a system, which may not be necessary.</p>
<p>• Have historically been used for modelling system flows and may be considered too technical in other circumstances.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-343">343</p>
</section></body>
</html>