<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>chapter_063</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_063">
<p>The Elicitation and Collaboration knowledge area describes the tasks that business analysts perform to obtain information from stakeholders and confirm the results. It also describes the communication with stakeholders once the business analysis information is assembled.</p>
<p>Elicitation is the drawing forth or receiving of information from stakeholders or other sources. It is the main path to discovering requirements and design information, and might involve talking with stakeholders directly, researching topics, experimenting, or simply being handed information. Collaboration is the act of two or more people working together towards a common goal. The Elicitation and Collaboration knowledge area describes how business analysts identify and reach agreement on the mutual understanding of all types of business analysis information. Elicitation and collaboration work is never a 'phase' in business analysis; rather, it is ongoing as long as business analysis work is occurring.</p>
<p>Elicitation and collaboration can be planned, unplanned, or both. Planned activities such as workshops, experiments, and/or surveys can be structured and organized in advance. Unplanned activities happen in the moment without notice, such as last-minute or 'just in time' collaboration or conversations.</p>
<p>Business analysis information derived from an unplanned activity may require deeper exploration through a planned activity.</p>
<p>Eliciting business analysis information is not an isolated activity. Information is elicited while performing any task that includes interaction with stakeholders and while the business analyst is performing independent analytical work. Elicitation may trigger additional elicitation for details to fill in gaps or increase understanding.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-53">53</p>
</section></body>
</html>