<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.3 Gain Consensus</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_107">
<p>5.5.5 Guidelines and Tools</p>
<h3 id="3-gain-consensus">.3 Gain Consensus</h3>
<p>Business analysts are responsible for ensuring that the stakeholders with approval authority understand and accept the requirements. Approval may confirm that stakeholders believe that sufficient value will be created for the organization to justify investment in a solution. Business analysts obtain approval by reviewing the requirements or changes to requirements with the accountable individuals or groups and requesting that they approve, indicating their agreement with the solution or designs described.</p>
<p>Using the methods and means established in the tasks Plan Business Analysis</p>
<h3 id="governance-p-37-and-communicate-business-analysis-information-p-67">Governance (p. 37) and Communicate Business Analysis Information (p. 67)</h3>
<p>business analysts present the requirements to stakeholders for approval. Business analysts facilitate this approval process by addressing any questions or providing additional information when requested.</p>
<p>Complete agreement may not be necessary for a successful change, but if there is a lack of agreement, the associated risks are to be identified and managed accordingly.</p>
<h3 id="4-track-and-communicate-approval">.4 Track and Communicate Approval</h3>
<p>The business analyst records approval decisions, possibly in requirements maintenance and tracking tools. In order to communicate the status of requirements, it is necessary to keep accurate records of current approval status.</p>
<p>Stakeholders must be able to determine what requirements and designs are currently approved and in line for implementation. There may be value in maintaining an audit history of changes to requirements: what was changed, who made the change, the reason for the change, and when it was made.</p>
<p><strong>5.5.5</strong></p>
<h2 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h2>
<h3 id="change-strategy">• Change Strategy</h3>
<p>consensus regarding the needs of all stakeholders.</p>
<h3 id="governance-approach">• Governance Approach</h3>
<p>and responsibility to approve business analysis information, and explains when such approvals will take place and how they will align to organizational policies.</p>
<h3 id="legalregulatory-information">• Legal/Regulatory Information</h3>
<p>must be followed. They may impact the requirements and designs approval process.</p>
<h3 id="requirement-management-toolsrepository">• Requirement Management Tools/Repository</h3>
<p>approvals.</p>
<h3 id="solution-scope">• Solution Scope</h3>
<p>accurately assess alignment and completeness.</p>
<p><strong>5.5.6</strong></p>
<h3 id="acceptance-and-evaluation-criteria">• Acceptance and Evaluation Criteria</h3>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-97">97</p>
</section></body>
</html>