<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Usage Considerations</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_312">
<p>10.29.4 Usage Considerations</p>
<p>Non-Functional Requirements Analysis <strong>10.29.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• Can be used as an effective collaboration and communication tool.</p>
<p>• Summarizes complex thoughts, ideas, and information in a way that shows the overall structure.</p>
<p>• Associations and sub-topics facilitate understanding and decision making.</p>
<p>• Enable creative problem solving by articulating associations and generating new associations.</p>
<p>• Can be helpful in preparing and delivering presentations.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• Can be misused as a brainstorming tool, and the related documenting of ideas and creating associations may inhibit idea generation.</p>
<p>• A shared understanding of a mind map can be difficult to communicate.</p>
<p><strong>10.30</strong></p>
<h3 id="non-functional-requirements-analysis">Non-Functional Requirements Analysis</h3>
<p><strong>10.30.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>Non-functional requirements analysis examines the requirements for a solution that define how well the functional requirements must perform. It specifies criteria that can be used to judge the operation of a system rather than specific behaviours (which are referred to as the functional requirements).</p>
<p><strong>10.30.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Non-functional requirements (also known as quality attributes or quality of service requirements) are often associated with system solutions, but they also apply more broadly to both process and people aspects of solutions. They augment the functional requirements of a solution, identify constraints on those requirements, or describe quality attributes a solution must exhibit when based on those functional requirements.</p>
<p>Non-functional requirements are generally expressed in textual formats as declarative statements or in matrices. Declarative non-functional requirements statements will typically have a constraining factor to them. For example, errors must not exceed X per use of the process, transactions must be at least X% processed after S seconds, or the system must be available X% of the time.</p>
</section></body>
</html>