<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Usage Considerations</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_373">
<p>10.49.4 Usage Considerations possible to maintain and enhance the solution even if the vendor's situation changes radically.</p>
<p><strong>10.49.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• Increases the chances of the organization to develop a productive and fair relationship with a suitable and reliable vendor, and to improve long-term satisfaction with the decision.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• May be consuming in regards to time and resources.</p>
<p>• Does not prevent risk of failure as the partnership evolves.</p>
<p>• Subjectivity may bias the evaluation outcome.</p>
<p><strong>10.50</strong> <strong>10.50.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>Workshops bring stakeholders together in order to collaborate on achieving a predefined goal.</p>
<p><strong>10.50.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>A workshop is a focused event attended by key stakeholders and subject matter experts (SMEs) for a concentrated period of time. A workshop may be held for different purposes including planning, analysis, design, scoping, requirements elicitation, modelling, or any combination of these. A workshop may be used to generate ideas for new features or products, to reach consensus on a topic, or to review requirements or designs.</p>
<p>Workshops generally include: • a representative group of stakeholders, • a defined goal, • interactive and collaborative work, • a defined work product, and • a facilitator.</p>
<p>Workshops can promote trust, mutual understanding, and strong communication among the stakeholders and produce deliverables that structure and guide future work efforts.</p>
<p>The workshop is ideally facilitated by an experienced, neutral facilitator; however, a team member may also serve as the facilitator. A scribe documents the decisions</p>
</section></body>
</html>