<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Level of Power or Influence</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_044">
<p>Understanding authority levels upfront eliminates confusion during the business analysis effort and ensures the business analyst collaborates with the proper stakeholders when looking for a decision to be made or seeking approvals.</p>
<h3 id="level-of-power-or-influence">Level of Power or Influence</h3>
<p>Understanding the nature of influence and the influence structures and channels within an organization can prove invaluable when seeking to build relationships and trust. Understanding the influence and attitude each stakeholder may have can help develop strategies for obtaining buy-in and collaboration. Business analysts evaluate how much influence is needed to implement a change compared to the amount of influence the key stakeholders can bring. If there is a mismatch between the influence required and the amount of influence the stakeholder has or is perceived to have, business analysts develop risk plans, responses and other strategies that might be needed to obtain the required level of support.</p>
<h3 id="2-define-stakeholder-collaboration">.2 Define Stakeholder Collaboration</h3>
<p>Ensuring effective collaboration with stakeholders is essential for maintaining their engagement in business analysis activities. Collaboration can be a spontaneous event. However, much collaboration is deliberate and planned, with specific activities and outcomes determined ahead of time during planning activities.</p>
<p>The business analyst may plan different collaboration approaches for internal and external stakeholders, and approaches may differ by business analysis activity. The objective is to select the approaches that work best to meet the needs of each stakeholder group and ensure their interest and involvement is maintained across the initiative. Some considerations when planning collaboration include: • timing and frequency of collaboration, • location, • available tools such as wikis and online communities, • delivery method such as in-person or virtual, and • preferences of the stakeholders.</p>
<p>Planning considerations can be documented in the form of a stakeholder collaboration plan. As factors change, plans can be revisited, and adjustments and adaptations can be made to ensure ongoing engagement of stakeholders.</p>
<h3 id="3-stakeholder-communication-needs">.3 Stakeholder Communication Needs</h3>
<p>The business analyst evaluates: • what needs to be communicated, • what is the appropriate delivery method (written or verbal), • who the appropriate audience is, • when communication should occur, • frequency of communication,</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-34">34</p>
</section></body>
</html>