<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.6 Acceptance</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_039">
<p>3.1.5 Guidelines and Tools imposed by organizational policies and practices, and • cultural norms of the organization.</p>
<h3 id="6-acceptance">.6 Acceptance</h3>
<p>The business analysis approach is reviewed and agreed upon by key stakeholders.</p>
<p>In some organizations, the business analysis process may be more structured and require key stakeholders to sign off on the approach to ensure all business analysis activities have been identified, estimates are realistic, and the proposed roles and responsibilities are correct. Any issues raised by stakeholders when reviewing the approach are documented by the business analyst and resolutions are sought. Stakeholders also play a role in reviewing and accepting changes to the approach as alterations are made to accommodate changing conditions across the initiative.</p>
<p><strong>3.1.5</strong></p>
<h3 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h3>
<h2 id="business-analysis-performance-assessment">• Business Analysis Performance Assessment</h2>
<p>assessments that should be reviewed and incorporated into all planning approaches.</p>
<h3 id="business-policies">• Business Policies</h3>
<p>may be described by regulations, contracts, agreements, deals, warranties, certifications, or other legal obligations. These policies can influence the business analysis approach.</p>
<h3 id="expert-judgment">• Expert Judgment</h3>
<p>Expertise may be provided from a wide range of sources including stakeholders on the initiative, organizational Centres of Excellence, consultants, or associations and industry groups. Prior experiences of the business analyst and other stakeholders should be considered when selecting or modifying an approach.</p>
<h3 id="methodologies-and-frameworks">• Methodologies and Frameworks</h3>
<p>providing methods, techniques, procedures, working concepts, and rules. They may need to be tailored to better meet the needs of the specific business challenge.</p>
<h3 id="stakeholder-engagement-approach">• Stakeholder Engagement Approach</h3>
<p>their concerns and interests may influence decisions made when determining the business analysis approach.</p>
<p><strong>3.1.6</strong></p>
<h3 id="brainstorming">• Brainstorming</h3>
<p>techniques, risks and other relevant items to help build the business analysis approach.</p>
<h3 id="business-cases">• Business Cases</h3>
<p>opportunity are especially time-sensitive, high-value, or whether there is any particular uncertainty around elements of the possible need or solution.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-29">29</p>
</section></body>
</html>