<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>The Business Analysis Core Concept Model™</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_022">
<p>2.1 The Business Analysis Core Concept Model™</p>
<p>The Business Analysis Core Concept Model™ <strong>2.1</strong></p>
<h2 id="the-business-analysis-core-concept-model">The Business Analysis Core Concept Model™</h2>
<h3 id="the">The</h3>
<p>framework for business analysis. It encompasses what business analysis is and what it means to those performing business analysis tasks regardless of perspective, industry, methodology, or level in the organization. It is composed of six terms that have a common meaning to all business analysts and helps them discuss both business analysis and its relationships with common terminology.</p>
<p>Each of these terms is considered to be a core concept.</p>
<p>The six core concepts in the</p>
<h3 id="value-and-context">Value, and Context.</h3>
<p>business analysis, and all the concepts are equal and necessary. Each core concept is defined by the other five core concepts and cannot be fully understood until all the concepts are understood. No single concept holds greater importance or significance over any other concept. These concepts are instrumental to understanding the type of information elicited, analyzed, or managed in business analysis tasks.</p>
<h3 id="the">The</h3>
<p>• describe the profession and domain of business analysis, • communicate about business analysis with a common terminology, • evaluate the relationships of key concepts in business analysis, • perform better business analysis by holistically evaluating the relationships among these six concepts, and • evaluate the impact of these concepts and relationships at any point during a work effort in order to establish both a foundation and a path forward.</p>
<h2 id="table-211-the-baccm">Table 2.1.1: The BACCM</h2>
<h2 id="core-concept">Core Concept</h2>
<h2 id="description">Description</h2>
<h3 id="change">Change</h3>
<p>The act of transformation in response to a need.</p>
<p>Change works to improve the performance of an enterprise.</p>
<p>These improvements are deliberate and controlled through business analysis activities.</p>
<p>Need A problem or opportunity to be addressed.</p>
<p>Needs can cause changes by motivating stakeholders to act.</p>
<p>Changes can also cause needs by eroding or enhancing the value delivered by existing solutions.</p>
<h3 id="solution">Solution</h3>
<p>A specific way of satisfying one or more needs in a context.</p>
<p>A solution satisfies a need by resolving a problem faced by stakeholders or enabling stakeholders to take advantage of an opportunity.</p>
</section></body>
</html>