<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Usage Considerations</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_257">
<p>10.11.4 Usage Considerations</p>
<p>Data Dictionary These include but are not limited to: • categorizations, • classifications, • partitive (whole-part) connections, and • roles.</p>
<p><strong>10.11.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• Provide a business-friendly way to communicate with stakeholders about precise meanings and subtle distinctions.</p>
<p>• Is independent of data design biases and the often limited business vocabulary coverage of data models.</p>
<p>• Proves highly useful for white-collar, knowledge-rich, decision-laden business processes.</p>
<p>• Helps ensure that large numbers of business rules and complex decision tables are free of ambiguity and fit together cohesively.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• May set expectations too high about how much integration based on business semantics can be achieved on relatively short notice.</p>
<p>• Requires a specialized skill set based on the ability to think abstractly and non-procedurally about know-how and knowledge.</p>
<p>• The knowledge-and-rule focus may be foreign to stakeholders.</p>
<p>• Requires tooling to actively support real-time use of standard business terminology in writing business rules, requirements, and other forms of business communication.</p>
<p><strong>10.12</strong></p>
<h3 id="data-dictionary">Data Dictionary</h3>
<p><strong>10.12.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>A data dictionary is used to standardize a definition of a data element and enable a common interpretation of data elements.</p>
<p><strong>10.12.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>A data dictionary is used to document standard definitions of data elements, their meanings, and allowable values. A data dictionary contains definitions of each data element and indicates how those elements combine into composite data elements. Data dictionaries are used to standardize usage and meanings of data elements between solutions and between stakeholders.</p>
</section></body>
</html>