<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Methodology</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_443">
<p><strong>Table 11.5.1: BPM Methodologies (Continued)</strong></p>
<h3 id="methodology">Methodology</h3>
<p><strong>Brief description</strong></p>
<h3 id="total-quality">Total Quality</h3>
<p>Management (TQM) A management philosophy that holds to the underlying principle that the processes of the organization should provide the customer and stakeholders, both internal and external, with the highest quality products and services, and that these products or services meet or exceed the customers' and stakeholders' expectations.</p>
<h3 id="3-techniques">.3 Techniques</h3>
<p>The following table lists techniques, not included in the Techniques chapter of the</p>
<h2 id="table-1152-bpm-techniques">Table 11.5.2: BPM Techniques</h2>
<h2 id="technique">Technique</h2>
<h2 id="brief-description">Brief Description</h2>
<h3 id="cost-analysis">Cost Analysis</h3>
<p>A list of the cost per activity totaled to show the detailed cost of the process and is used frequently by businesses to gain an understanding and appreciation of the cost associated with a product or service. Cost analysis is also known as activity based costing.</p>
<h3 id="critical-to-quality">Critical to Quality</h3>
<p>(CTQ) A set of diagrams, in the form of trees, that assist in aligning process improvement efforts to customer requirements. CTQ is a technique used in Six Sigma, but is not exclusive to Six Sigma.</p>
<h3 id="cycle-time-analysis">Cycle-time Analysis</h3>
<p>An analysis of the time each activity takes within the process. Cycle-time analysis is also known as a duration analysis.</p>
<h2 id="define-measure">Define Measure</h2>
<h3 id="analyze-design">Analyze Design</h3>
<p>Verify (DMADV ) A data-driven structured roadmap used to develop new or improve existing processes. DMADV is a technique used in Six Sigma, but is not exclusive to Six Sigma.</p>
<h2 id="define-measure">Define Measure</h2>
<h3 id="analyze-improve">Analyze Improve</h3>
<p>Control (DMAIC) A data-driven structured roadmap used to improve processes. DMAIC is a technique used in Six Sigma, but is not exclusive to Six Sigma.</p>
<h3 id="drum-buffer-rope">Drum-Buffer-Rope</h3>
<p>(DBR) A method used to ensure that the system constraint always functions at the maximum possible output, by ensuring that there is a sufficient buffer of materials just prior to the constraint to keep it continuously busy. It can be used in BPM to ensure process efficiency.</p>
<h2 id="failure-mode-and">Failure Mode and</h2>
<h3 id="effect-analysis">Effect Analysis</h3>
<p>(FMEA) A systematic method of investigating process failures and defects, and identifying potential causes. FMEA is a technique that assists in locating problems in the as-is process and correcting them when developing the to-be processes.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-433">433</p>
</section></body>
</html>