<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_313">
<p>10.30.3 Elements</p>
<p>Non-Functional Requirements Analysis <strong>10.30.3</strong></p>
<h3 id="elements">Elements</h3>
<h2 id="1-categories-of-non-functional-requirements">.1 Categories of Non-Functional Requirements</h2>
<p>Common categories of non-functional requirements include: required for use, often expressed in terms of percent of time the solution is available. components in its environment, such as one process with another. including aspects of suitability, accuracy, and interoperability. modified to correct faults, improve performance or other attributes, or adapt to a changed environment. performs its designated functions with minimum consumption of resources.</p>
<p>Can be defined based on the context or period, such as high-peak, mid-peak or off-peak usage. from one environment to another. functions under stated conditions for a specified period of time, such as mean time to failure of a device. handle increased amounts of work. components from accidental or malicious access, use, modification, destruction, or disclosure. standards or industry conventions. on the context or jurisdiction. cultures, spellings, and other characteristics of users, which requires attention to the context. by the solution that are formally agreed to by both the provider and the user of the solution.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-303">303</p>
</section></body>
</html>