<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Guidelines and Tools</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_056">
<p>3.4.5 Guidelines and Tools consulted if the requirement changes or if more information regarding the requirement or the need that drove the requirement has to be obtained. accepted, verified, postponed, cancelled, or implemented. necessary to specify this separately from the priority when a deadline exists for implementation.</p>
<p><strong>3.4.5</strong></p>
<h3 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h3>
<h2 id="business-analysis-performance-assessment">• Business Analysis Performance Assessment</h2>
<p>assessments that should be reviewed and incorporated into all planning approaches.</p>
<h3 id="business-policies">• Business Policies</h3>
<p>may be described by regulations, contracts, agreements, warranties, certifications, or other legal obligations.</p>
<h3 id="information-management-tools">• Information Management Tools</h3>
<p>retrieve, and share business analysis information. These may be as simple as a whiteboard, or as complex as a global wiki or robust requirements management tool.</p>
<h3 id="legalregulatory-information">• Legal/Regulatory Information</h3>
<p>must be followed, and helps determine how business analysis information will be managed.</p>
<p><strong>3.4.6</strong></p>
<h3 id="brainstorming">• Brainstorming</h3>
<p>information management needs.</p>
<h3 id="interviews">• Interviews</h3>
<p>information management needs.</p>
<h3 id="item-tracking">• Item Tracking</h3>
<p>processes.</p>
<h3 id="lessons-learned">• Lessons Learned</h3>
<p>approaches for efficiently managing business analysis information.</p>
<h3 id="mind-mapping">• Mind Mapping</h3>
<p>need to be managed.</p>
<h3 id="process-modelling">• Process Modelling</h3>
<p>business analysis information.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-46">46</p>
</section></body>
</html>