<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Backlog Management (p. 220)</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_389">
<p><strong>.4 Strategy Analysis</strong> Agile approaches are often used when there is uncertainty about the needs, the solution, or the scope of change. Strategy analysis is a constant part of an agile initiative to ensure that the solution delivered continues to provide value to stakeholders. Agile team members use strategy analysis to help understand and define product vision, and develop and adjust the development roadmap, in addition to conducting ongoing assessments of related risks. For every iteration, the proposed solution is reassessed against the current business context to ensure that it will effectively meet the business goals. The adaptive nature of agile projects means that adapting the project to changes in the organization's goals is not disruptive; rather, it is an expected part of the process.</p>
<h2 id="backlog-management-p-220">• Backlog Management (p. 220)</h2>
<h3 id="concept-modelling-p-245">• Concept Modelling (p. 245)</h3>
<p>• Brainstorming (p. 227)</p>
<h3 id="metrics-and-key-performance">• Metrics and Key Performance</h3>
<p>Indicators (KPIs) (p. 297)</p>
<h2 id="business-capability-analysis-p-230">• Business Capability Analysis (p. 230)</h2>
<h2 id="scope-modelling-p-338">• Scope Modelling (p. 338)</h2>
<h3 id="collaborative-games-p-243">• Collaborative Games (p. 243)</h3>
<p>• Workshops (p. 363)</p>
<h2 id="agile-extension-techniques">Agile Extension Techniques</h2>
<h2 id="kano-analysis">• Kano Analysis</h2>
<h2 id="real-options">• Real Options</h2>
<h2 id="personas">• Personas</h2>
<h2 id="value-stream-analysis">• Value Stream Analysis</h2>
<h3 id="purpose-alignment-model">• Purpose Alignment Model</h3>
<h3 id="5-requirements-analysis-and-design-definition">.5 Requirements Analysis and Design Definition</h3>
<p>Needs are progressively elaborated during an agile project. Analysis and design are performed on a just-in-time basis, either just before or during the iteration in which the solution component will be developed.</p>
<p>Analysis performed just before the iteration is to provide the team with enough information to estimate the planned work. Analysis performed during the iteration is to provide the team with enough information to construct or deliver the planned work.</p>
<p>Models and other analysis and design techniques are typically used informally, and may not be maintained once they have served their purposes. The analysis and design approach used should support progressive elaboration, be adaptable to change based on learning, and not cause the team to select solutions prematurely. Agile teams tend to use user stories at the lowest level of decomposition, usually supported by acceptance criteria which capture the analysis and design details regarding how the stories should behave when implemented. Validation of the evolving solution is performed with stakeholders at the end of every iteration.</p>
<h2 id="acceptance-and-evaluation-criteria">• Acceptance and Evaluation Criteria</h2>
<h3 id="business-capability-analysis-p-230">• Business Capability Analysis (p. 230)</h3>
<p>(p. 217)</p>
<h3 id="business-rules-analysis-p-240">• Business Rules Analysis (p. 240)</h3>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-379">379</p>
</section></body>
</html>