<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Guidelines and Tools</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_127">
<p>6.2.5 Guidelines and Tools of the proposed change. Business analysts estimate a total potential value by aggregating across all opportunities.</p>
<p>The potential value, including the details of the expected benefit and costs and the likely result if no change is made, is a key component to making a business case for the change. Relating descriptions of potential value to measures of actual value currently being achieved enables stakeholders to understand the expected change in value. In most cases, the future state will not address all of the opportunities for improvement. Any unaddressed opportunities might remain valid after the solution is implemented and should be noted for future analysis in other changes.</p>
<p>In addition to the potential value of the future state, this analysis should consider the acceptable level of investment to reach the future state. While the actual investment will depend on the change strategy, this information guides the selection of possible strategies.</p>
<p><strong>6.2.5</strong></p>
<h2 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h2>
<h3 id="current-state-description">• Current State Description</h3>
<p>to be completed. It is often used as a starting point for the future state.</p>
<h3 id="metrics-and-key-performance-indicators-kpis">• Metrics and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)</h3>
<p>indicators and metrics which will be used to determine whether the desired future state has been achieved.</p>
<h3 id="organizational-strategy">• Organizational Strategy</h3>
<p>enterprise or organization will take to achieve its desired future state. This can be implicitly or explicitly stated.</p>
<p><strong>6.2.6</strong></p>
<h3 id="acceptance-and-evaluation-criteria">• Acceptance and Evaluation Criteria</h3>
<p>future state acceptable and/or how options may be evaluated.</p>
<h2 id="balanced-scorecard">• Balanced Scorecard</h2>
<h3 id="benchmarking-and-market-analysis">• Benchmarking and Market Analysis</h3>
<p>state business objectives.</p>
<h2 id="brainstorming">• Brainstorming</h2>
<h3 id="business-capability-analysis">• Business Capability Analysis</h3>
<p>value and risk.</p>
<h2 id="business-cases">• Business Cases</h2>
<h3 id="business-model-canvas">• Business Model Canvas</h3>
<p>out the needed infrastructure, target customer base, financial cost structure, and revenue streams required to fulfill the value proposition to customers in the desired future state.</p>
<h3 id="decision-analysis">• Decision Analysis</h3>
<p>understand which is the best choice.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-117">117</p>
</section></body>
</html>