<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Requirement</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_030">
<p>Requirements and Designs</p>
<p><strong>Table 2.5.1: Requirements and Design (Continued)</strong></p>
<h2 id="requirement">Requirement</h2>
<h3 id="design">Design</h3>
<p>Develop business strategy, goals, and objectives for a new business.</p>
<h3 id="business-capability-model">Business Capability Model.</h3>
<p>Provide information in English and French.</p>
<p>Prototype with text displayed in</p>
<h3 id="english-and-french">English and French.</h3>
<p>Stakeholders may present a need or a solution to an assumed need. A business analyst uses activities found in Elicitation and Collaboration (p. 53), Strategy</p>
<h3 id="analysis-p-99-requirements-analysis-and-design-definition-p-133-and">Analysis (p. 99), Requirements Analysis and Design Definition (p. 133), and</h3>
<p>Solution Evaluation (p. 163) to transform that request into a requirement or design. Regardless of the focus of the stakeholder, the importance of the role of the business analyst lies in continuously asking the question ‘why?’. For example, “Why is either the requirement or design necessary to provide value to an enterprise and to facilitate the realization of an enterprise’s goals and objectives?”</p>
<h2 id="figure-251-requirements-and-design-cycle">Figure 2.5.1: Requirements and Design Cycle</h2>
<h2 id="business">Business</h2>
<h3 id="requirements">Requirements</h3>
<p>Why do I want it? <strong>e</strong> <strong>m</strong> <strong>c</strong></p>
<h3 id="d">D</h3>
<p><strong>u</strong> <strong>s</strong></p>
<h3 id="o">O</h3>
<p><strong>g</strong> <strong>s</strong> <strong>e</strong> <strong>s</strong></p>
<h2 id="a">A</h2>
<h2 id="stakeholder">Stakeholder</h2>
<h3 id="requirements">Requirements</h3>
<p>What are the needs?</p>
<h2 id="transition">Transition</h2>
<h3 id="requirements">Requirements</h3>
<p>Cycle continues until requirements are met.</p>
<p>What are the conditions?</p>
<h3 id="d">D</h3>
<p><strong>n</strong> <strong>e</strong> <strong>i</strong> <strong>e</strong> <strong>i</strong></p>
<h3 id="d">D</h3>
<p><strong>n</strong></p>
<h2 id="solution">Solution</h2>
<h3 id="requirements">Requirements</h3>
<p>What do I want?</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-20">20</p>
</section></body>
</html>