<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>During Elicitation and Collaboration,</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_065">
<p><strong>Table 4.0.1: The Core Concept Model in Elicitation and Collaboration</strong></p>
<p><strong>Core Concept</strong></p>
<h3 id="during-elicitation-and-collaboration">During Elicitation and Collaboration,</h3>
<p><strong>business analysts...</strong></p>
<h3 id="change">Change</h3>
<p>in response to a need. use a variety of elicitation techniques to fully identify the characteristics of the change including concerns that stakeholders have about the change. The change itself may determine the appropriate types and extent of elicitation and collaboration.</p>
<p><strong>Need</strong> be addressed. elicit, confirm, and communicate needs and supporting business analysis information. As elicitation is iterative and incremental, the understanding of needs may evolve over time.</p>
<h3 id="solution">Solution</h3>
<p>satisfying one or more needs in a context. elicit, confirm, and communicate necessary or desired characteristics of proposed solutions.</p>
<h3 id="stakeholder">Stakeholder</h3>
<p>individual with a relationship to the change, the need, or the solution. manage the collaboration with the stakeholders who participate in the business analysis work. All stakeholders may participate in different roles and at different times during a change.</p>
<h3 id="value">Value</h3>
<p>usefulness of something to a stakeholder within a context. collaborate with stakeholders to assess the relative value of information provided through elicitation, and apply a variety of techniques to confirm and communicate that value.</p>
<h3 id="context">Context</h3>
<p>influence, are influenced by, and provide understanding of the change. apply a variety of elicitation techniques to identify business analysis information about the context that may affect the change.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-55">55</p>
</section></body>
</html>