<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Reviews</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_336">
<p>10.37 Reviews</p>
<p>Reviews • If the prototype is deeply elaborate and detailed, stakeholders may develop unrealistic expectations for the final solution. These can range from assumed completion dates to higher expectations of performance, reliability, and usability.</p>
<p>• Stakeholders may focus on the design specifications of the solution rather than the requirements that any solution must address. This can, in turn, constrain the solution design. Developers may believe that they must provide a user interface that precisely matches the prototype, even if more elegant technology and interface approaches exist.</p>
<p><strong>10.37</strong></p>
<h3 id="reviews">Reviews</h3>
<p><strong>10.37.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>Reviews are used to evaluate the content of a work product.</p>
<p><strong>10.37.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Different types of reviews are conducted for business analysis work products.</p>
<p>Each is tailored to the needs of the organization and business analyst, and uses these dimensions: review.</p>
<p>Each review is focused on a work product, not the skills or actions of the participants. The work product may be a package of several deliverables, a single deliverable, a portion of a deliverable, or work in process. For a completed work product, the objective of the review is usually to remove defects or inform the reviewers about the content. For work in process, the review may be conducted to resolve an issue or question.</p>
<p>Each review includes the business analyst as a participant. Reviewers may be peers, especially for work in process, or stakeholders, who validate that the work product is complete and correct. The review steps depend on the technique used.</p>
<p>Reviews can include: • an overview of the work product and review objectives, • checklists and reference materials that can be used by reviewers, • reviewing the work product and documenting the findings, and • verifying any rework.</p>
<p>Using feedback from reviewers, the business analyst updates the work product.</p>
</section></body>
</html>