<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Decision Modelling</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_128">
<p>6.2.7 Stakeholders</p>
<h3 id="decision-modelling">• Decision Modelling</h3>
<p>options.</p>
<h3 id="financial-analysis">• Financial Analysis</h3>
<p>delivered by a proposed future state.</p>
<h3 id="functional-decomposition">• Functional Decomposition</h3>
<p>future state for better understanding.</p>
<h3 id="interviews">• Interviews</h3>
<p>state, which needs they want to address, and what desired business objectives they want to meet.</p>
<h3 id="lessons-learned">• Lessons Learned</h3>
<p>be addressed and how the current state can be improved upon.</p>
<h3 id="metrics-and-key-performance-indicators-kpis">• Metrics and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)</h3>
<p>the organization has succeeded in achieving the business objectives.</p>
<h3 id="mind-mapping">• Mind Mapping</h3>
<p>relationships between them.</p>
<h3 id="organizational-modelling">• Organizational Modelling</h3>
<p>reporting structures that would exist within the future state organization.</p>
<h3 id="process-modelling">• Process Modelling</h3>
<p>state.</p>
<h3 id="prototyping">• Prototyping</h3>
<p>potential value.</p>
<h3 id="scope-modelling">• Scope Modelling</h3>
<p>state.</p>
<h3 id="survey-or-questionnaire">• Survey or Questionnaire</h3>
<p>state, which needs they want to address, and what desired business objectives they want to meet.</p>
<h3 id="swot-analysis">• SWOT Analysis</h3>
<p>and threats that may be exploited or mitigated by the future state.</p>
<h3 id="vendor-assessment">• Vendor Assessment</h3>
<p>solution options.</p>
<h3 id="workshops">• Workshops</h3>
<p>future state.</p>
<p><strong>6.2.7</strong></p>
<h2 id="stakeholders">Stakeholders</h2>
<h3 id="customer">• Customer</h3>
<p>might or might not be ready or able to consume a new state.</p>
<h3 id="domain-subject-matter-expert">• Domain Subject Matter Expert</h3>
<p>potential future states.</p>
<h3 id="end-user">• End User</h3>
<p>the future state.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-118">118</p>
</section></body>
</html>