<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Usage Considerations</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_315">
<p>10.30.4 Usage Considerations</p>
<p>Observation <strong>10.30.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• Clearly states the constraints that apply to a set of functional requirements.</p>
<p>• Provides measurable expressions of how well the functional requirements must perform, leaving it to the functional requirements to express what the solution must do or how it must behave. This will also have a strong influence on whether the solution is accepted by the users.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• The clarity and usefulness of a non-functional requirement depends on what the stakeholders know about the needs for the solution and how well they can express those needs.</p>
<p>• Expectations of multiple users may be quite different, and getting agreement on quality attributes may be difficult because of the users' subjective perception of quality. For example, what might be 'too fast' to one user might be 'too slow' to another.</p>
<p>• A set of non-functional requirements may have inherent conflicts and require negotiation. For example, some security requirements may require compromises on performance requirements.</p>
<p>• Overly strict requirements or constraints can add more time and cost to the solution, which may have negative impacts and weaken adoption by users.</p>
<p>• Many non-functional requirements are qualitative and therefore may be difficult to be measured on a scale, and may garner a degree of subjectivity by the users as to how they believe the particular requirements ultimately meet their needs.</p>
<p><strong>10.31</strong></p>
<h3 id="observation">Observation</h3>
<p><strong>10.31.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>Observation is used to elicit information by viewing and understanding activities and their context. It is used as a basis for identifying needs and opportunities, understanding a business process, setting performance standards, evaluating solution performance, or supporting training and development.</p>
<p><strong>10.31.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Observation of activities, also known as job shadowing, involves examining a work activity firsthand as it is performed. It can be conducted in either natural work environments or specially constructed laboratory conditions. The objectives of the observation dictate how it is planned for and methodically conducted.</p>
</section></body>
</html>