<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 Scope of Change and Context</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_349">
<p>Scope Modelling Depending on the action or stakeholder needs the model supports, a business analyst determines the types of models to be used and selects boundaries and elements.</p>
<h3 id="2-scope-of-change-and-context">.2 Scope of Change and Context</h3>
<p>Typically, business analysts are concerned with elements that will be altered as part of a change, as well as external elements that are relevant to the change. For elements inside the scope of change, the business analyst is involved in establishing the ways those elements are modified. For elements outside the scope of change but relevant to the change, the business analyst is involved in establishing the interactions between the change, the current and proposed solutions, and the context.</p>
<p>The business analyst often determines: • business processes to be defined or modified, • business functions to be added, changed, optimized, or re-assigned, • new capabilities to be built or existing capabilities to be changed, • external and internal events to be responded to, • use cases and situations to be supported, • technologies to be changed or replaced, • informational assets to be acquired, produced, or processed, • stakeholders and organizational roles impacted by the change, • external and internal agents and entities impacted by the change, • organizations and organizational units (departments, teams, groups) impacted by the change, and • systems, components, tools, and physical assets required for the change or impacted by the change.</p>
<h3 id="3-level-of-detail">.3 Level of Detail</h3>
<p>The purpose of analysis defines the appropriate level of abstraction at which scope elements are described. A proper level of detail provides a meaningful reduction of uncertainty while preventing 'analysis paralysis' at a scope definition stage. The elements of the final scope model can be described by enumerating them, by referring to a specific level of their decomposition hierarchy, or by grouping them into logically bound sets. For example, a subject of change can be defined as a list of specific business processes, as a high-level business process encompassing all of them, or as a generic business function. Similarly, stakeholders included in the scope can be defined by enumerating specific titles or by referring to their common organizational role.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-339">339</p>
</section></body>
</html>