<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_301">
<p>10.25.3 Elements Successful interviewing depends on factors such as: • level of understanding of the domain by the interviewer, • experience of the interviewer in conducting interviews, • skill of the interviewer in documenting discussions, • readiness of the interviewee to provide the relevant information and the interviewer to conduct the interview, • degree of clarity in the interviewee’s mind about the goal of the interview, and • rapport of the interviewer with the interviewee.</p>
<p><strong>10.25.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-interview-goal">.1 Interview Goal</h3>
<p>When planning interviews, business analysts consider: • the overall purpose of performing a set of interviews, based on a business need, and • the individual goals for each interview, based on what the interviewee can provide.</p>
<p>The goals are to be clearly expressed and communicated to each interviewee.</p>
<h3 id="2-potential-interviewees">.2 Potential Interviewees</h3>
<p>Potential interviewees are identified with the help of the project manager, project sponsors, and other stakeholders, based on the goals for the interview.</p>
<h3 id="3-interview-questions">.3 Interview Questions</h3>
<p>Interview questions are designed according to the interview goals, such as: • collecting data, • researching the stakeholder’s view of the change or proposed solution, • developing a proposed solution, or • building rapport with or support for the proposed solution from the interviewee.</p>
<p>Open-ended questions are used to elicit a dialogue or series of steps and cannot be answered in a yes or no fashion. Open-ended questions are a good tool to allow the interviewee to provide information of which the interviewer may be unaware.</p>
<p>Closed questions are used to elicit a single response such as yes, no, or a specific number. Closed questions can be used to clarify or confirm a previous answer.</p>
<p>The interview questions are often organized based on priority and significance.</p>
<p>Examples of question order include general to specific, start to finish, and detailed to summary. Questions can also be organized based on factors such as the interviewee's level of knowledge and the subject of the interview.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-291">291</p>
</section></body>
</html>