<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 Level of Abstraction</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_054">
<p>The business analyst determines how best to structure and organize the business analysis information at the start of an initiative. This involves taking into consideration the type and amount of information to be collected, the stakeholder's access and usage needs, and the size and complexity of the change.</p>
<p>Relationships among the types of information must be defined to assist in managing the effect of new or changed information in the future.</p>
<h3 id="2-level-of-abstraction">.2 Level of Abstraction</h3>
<p>Level of abstraction describes the breadth and depth of the information being provided. Representations of information may range from highly conceptual or summarized to very detailed. In determining how much detail each stakeholder may require as the initiative evolves, consideration is given to the needs of the stakeholders, the complexity of what is being explained, and the importance of the change. Rather than present the same information to all stakeholders, business analysts should present information with appropriate breadth and level of detail based on each stakeholder's role. Business analysis information regarding a topic of significant importance or high level of risk is frequently represented in greater detail.</p>
<h3 id="3-plan-traceability-approach">.3 Plan Traceability Approach</h3>
<p>The traceability approach is based on: • the complexity of the domain, • the number of views of requirements that will be produced, • any requirement-related risks, organizational standards, applicable regulatory requirements, and • an understanding of the costs and benefits involved with tracing.</p>
<p>Business analysts plan to ensure the approach is at a level of detail to add value without excessive overhead.</p>
<h3 id="4-plan-for-requirements-reuse">.4 Plan for Requirements Reuse</h3>
<p>Reusing requirements can save an organization time, effort, and cost—provided the requirements are accessible and structured in a manner that supports their reuse.</p>
<p>Requirements that are potential candidates for long-term use are those an organization must meet on an ongoing basis such as: • regulatory requirements, • contractual obligations, • quality standards, • service level agreements, • business rules, • business processes, or • requirements describing products the enterprise produces.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-44">44</p>
</section></body>
</html>