<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 Maintain Attributes</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_095">
<p>5.2.5 Guidelines and Tools</p>
<p>Maintain Requirements taxonomies assist in establishing and maintaining links between maintained requirements, and facilitate requirements and designs traceability.</p>
<h3 id="2-maintain-attributes">.2 Maintain Attributes</h3>
<p>While eliciting requirements, business analysts elicit requirement attributes.</p>
<p>Information such as the requirement’s source, priority, and complexity aid in managing each requirement throughout the life cycle. Some attributes change as the business analyst uncovers more information and conducts further analysis. An attribute may change even though the requirement does not.</p>
<h3 id="3-reusing-requirements">.3 Reusing Requirements</h3>
<p>There are situations in which requirements can be reused.</p>
<p>Requirements that are candidates for long-term use by the organization are identified, clearly named, defined, and stored in a manner that makes them easily retrievable by other stakeholders. Depending on the level of abstraction and intended need being addressed, requirements can be reused: • within the current initiative, • within similar initiatives, • within similar departments, and • throughout the entire organization.</p>
<p>Requirements at high levels of abstraction may be written with limited reference to specific solutions. Requirements that are represented in a general manner, without direct ties to a particular tool or organizational structure, tend to be more reusable. These requirements are also less subject to revision during a change. As requirements are expressed in more detail, they become more tightly associated with a specific solution or solution option. Specific references to applications or departments limit the reuse of requirements and designs across an organization.</p>
<p>Requirements that are intended for reuse reflect the current state of the organization. Stakeholders validate the proposed requirements for reuse before they can be accepted into a change.</p>
<p><strong>5.2.5</strong></p>
<h2 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h2>
<h3 id="information-management-approach">• Information Management Approach</h3>
<p>managed for reuse.</p>
<p><strong>5.2.6</strong></p>
<h3 id="business-rules-analysis">• Business Rules Analysis</h3>
<p>across the enterprise in order to facilitate reuse.</p>
<h3 id="data-flow-diagrams">• Data Flow Diagrams</h3>
<p>across the enterprise in order to facilitate reuse.</p>
<h3 id="data-modelling">• Data Modelling</h3>
<p>enterprise in order to facilitate reuse.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-85">85</p>
</section></body>
</html>