<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Inputs</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_163">
<p>7.5.3 Inputs among design alternatives. Business analysts must assess the effect these trade-offs will have on the delivery of value to stakeholders. As initiatives progress and requirements evolve, design options evolve as well.</p>
<p><strong>7.5.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="inputs">Inputs</h2>
<h3 id="change-strategy">• Change Strategy</h3>
<p>the future state. This may have some impact on design decisions in terms of what is feasible or possible.</p>
<p><strong>• Requirements (validated, prioritized)</strong> considered in design options. Knowing the requirement priorities aids in the suggestion of reasonable design options. Requirements with the highest priorities might deserve more weight in choosing solution components to best meet them as compared to lower priority requirements.</p>
<h3 id="requirements-architecture">• Requirements Architecture</h3>
<p>relationships is important for defining design options that can address the holistic set of requirements.</p>
<h2 id="figure-751-define-design-options-inputoutput-diagram">Figure 7.5.1: Define Design Options Input/Output Diagram</h2>
<h3 id="input">Input</h3>
<p><strong>5.3, 7.3</strong></p>
<h3 id="requirements">Requirements</h3>
<p><strong>7.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="requirements">Requirements</h2>
<h3 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h3>
<p><strong>6.4 </strong></p>
<h3 id="change-strategy">Change Strategy</h3>
<p><strong>(validated, </strong> <strong>prioritized)</strong></p>
<h2 id="architecture">Architecture</h2>
<h2 id="existing-solutions">Existing Solutions</h2>
<h3 id="future-state-description">Future State Description</h3>
<p><strong>7.5</strong> Requirements (traced)</p>
<h2 id="output">Output</h2>
<h3 id="solution-scope">Solution Scope</h3>
<p><strong>7.5</strong></p>
<h2 id="design-options">Design Options</h2>
<h3 id="tasks-using-this-output">Tasks Using This Output</h3>
<p><strong>7.6</strong></p>
<h3 id="analyze-potential">Analyze Potential</h3>
<p><strong>6.4 </strong></p>
<h2 id="define-change">Define Change</h2>
<h2 id="value-and">Value and</h2>
<h2 id="recommend">Recommend</h2>
<h2 id="strategy">Strategy</h2>
<h3 id="solution">Solution</h3>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-153">153</p>
</section></body>
</html>