<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_083">
<p>4.5.4 Elements <strong>4.5.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-gain-agreement-on-commitments">.1 Gain Agreement on Commitments</h3>
<p>Stakeholders participate in business analysis activities that may require time and resource commitments. The business analyst and stakeholders identify and agree upon these commitments as early in the initiative as possible. The specific details of the commitments can be communicated formally or informally, as long as there is explicit understanding of the expectations and desired outcomes of the commitment.</p>
<p>There may be dialogue and negotiation regarding the terms and conditions of the commitments. Effective negotiation, communication, and conflict resolution skills are important to effective stakeholder management (see Negotiation and Conflict Resolution (p. 210)).</p>
<h3 id="2-monitor-stakeholder-engagement">.2 Monitor Stakeholder Engagement</h3>
<p>Business analysts monitor the participation and performance of stakeholders to ensure that: • the right subject matter experts (SMEs) and other stakeholders are participating effectively, • stakeholder attitudes and interest are staying constant or improving, • elicitation results are confirmed in a timely manner, and • agreements and commitments are maintained.</p>
<p>Business analysts continually monitor for such risks as: • stakeholders being diverted to other work, • elicitation activities not providing the quality of business analysis information required, and • delayed approvals.</p>
<h3 id="3-collaboration">.3 Collaboration</h3>
<p>Stakeholders are more likely to support change if business analysts collaborate with them and encourage the free flow of information, ideas, and innovations.</p>
<p>Genuine stakeholder engagement requires that all stakeholders involved feel that they are heard, their opinions matter, and their contributions are recognized.</p>
<p>Collaboration involves regular, frequent, and bi-directional communication.</p>
<p>Collaborative relationships help maintain the free flow of information when obstacles and setbacks occur, and promote a shared effort to resolve problems and achieve desired outcomes.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-73">73</p>
</section></body>
</html>