<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Lessons Learned</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_306">
<p>10.27 Lessons Learned</p>
<p>Lessons Learned <strong>10.27</strong></p>
<h3 id="lessons-learned">Lessons Learned</h3>
<p><strong>10.27.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>The purpose of the lessons learned process is to compile and document successes, opportunities for improvement, failures, and recommendations for improving the performance of future projects or project phases.</p>
<p><strong>10.27.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>A lessons learned session (also known as a retrospective) helps identify either changes to business analysis processes and deliverables or successes that can be incorporated into future work. These techniques can also be beneficial at the close of any milestone within the effort.</p>
<p>Lessons learned sessions can include any format or venue that is acceptable to the key stakeholders and can be either formal facilitated meetings with set agendas and meeting roles or informal working sessions. If there are noteworthy successes, a celebration may be included in a lessons learned session.</p>
<p><strong>10.27.3</strong></p>
<h3 id="elements">Elements</h3>
<p>Sessions can include a review of: • business analysis activities or deliverables, • the final solution, service, or product, • automation or technology that was introduced or eliminated, • impact to organizational processes, • performance expectations and results, • positive or negative variances, • root causes impacting performance results, and • recommendations for behavioural approaches.</p>
<p><strong>10.27.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• Useful in identifying opportunities or areas of improvement.</p>
<p>• Assists in building team morale after a difficult period.</p>
<p>• Reinforces positive experiences and successes.</p>
<p>• Reduces risks for future actions.</p>
<p>• Provides tangible value or metrics as a result of the effort.</p>
<p>• Recognizes strengths or shortcomings with the project structure, methodology, or tools that were used.</p>
</section></body>
</html>