<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.4 Describe Design Options</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_165">
<p>7.5.5 Guidelines and Tools by assessing the trade-offs between alternatives in order to maximize benefits and minimize costs. The value of a solution might vary depending on how requirements are implemented and when the solution becomes available to stakeholders. The objective of allocation is to maximize that value.</p>
<p>Requirements may be allocated between organizational units, job functions, solution components, or releases of a solution. Requirements allocation typically begins when a solution approach has been determined, and continues until all valid requirements are allocated. Allocation typically continues through design and implementation of a solution.</p>
<h3 id="4-describe-design-options">.4 Describe Design Options</h3>
<p>Design options are investigated and developed while considering the desired future state, and in order to ensure the design option is valid. Solution performance measures are defined for each design option.</p>
<p>A design option usually consists of many design components, each described by a design element. Design elements may describe: • business policies and business rules, • business processes to be performed and managed, • people who operate and maintain the solution, including their job functions and responsibilities, • operational business decisions to be made, • software applications and application components used in the solution, and • organizational structures, including interactions between the organization, its customers, and its suppliers.</p>
<p><strong>7.5.5</strong></p>
<h2 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h2>
<h3 id="existing-solutions">• Existing Solutions</h3>
<p>considered as a component of a design option.</p>
<h3 id="future-state-description">• Future State Description</h3>
<p>the design options will be part of, and helps to ensure design options are viable.</p>
<p><strong>• Requirements (traced)</strong> requirements.</p>
<h3 id="solution-scope">• Solution Scope</h3>
<p><strong>7.5.6</strong></p>
<h3 id="benchmarking-and-market-analysis">• Benchmarking and Market Analysis</h3>
<p>solutions and market trends.</p>
<h3 id="brainstorming">• Brainstorming</h3>
<p>options.</p>
<h3 id="document-analysis">• Document Analysis</h3>
<p>options and design elements.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-155">155</p>
</section></body>
</html>