<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Figure 10.13.2: Level 1 Diagram Yourdon Notation</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_261">
<p>10.13.3 Elements</p>
<p>Data Flow Diagrams</p>
<h2 id="figure-10132-level-1-diagram-yourdon-notation">Figure 10.13.2: Level 1 Diagram Yourdon Notation</h2>
<h2 id="external">External</h2>
<h2 id="external">External</h2>
<h2 id="agent">Agent</h2>
<h2 id="agent">Agent</h2>
<h2 id="noun">Noun</h2>
<h2 id="noun">Noun</h2>
<h2 id="output-data">Output Data</h2>
<h2 id="noun">Noun</h2>
<h2 id="data">Data</h2>
<h2 id="process">Process</h2>
<h2 id="verbnoun">Verb/Noun</h2>
<h2 id="data">Data</h2>
<h2 id="process">Process</h2>
<h2 id="verbnoun">Verb/Noun</h2>
<h2 id="input-data">Input Data</h2>
<h2 id="noun">Noun</h2>
<h2 id="noun">Noun</h2>
<h2 id="input-data">Input Data</h2>
<h2 id="data">Data</h2>
<h2 id="process">Process</h2>
<h2 id="verbnoun">Verb/Noun</h2>
<h2 id="data-store">Data Store</h2>
<h2 id="noun">Noun</h2>
<h2 id="transformed">Transformed</h2>
<h2 id="output-data">Output Data</h2>
<h2 id="input-data">Input Data</h2>
<h2 id="noun">Noun</h2>
<h2 id="external">External</h2>
<h2 id="external">External</h2>
<h2 id="agent">Agent</h2>
<h2 id="agent">Agent</h2>
<h2 id="noun">Noun</h2>
<h3 id="noun">Noun</h3>
<p>Further levels of the data flow diagram (level 2, level 3 and so forth) break down the major processes from the level 1 diagram. Level 1 diagrams are useful to show the internal partitioning of the work and the data that flows between the partitions, as well as the stored data used by each of the partitions. Each of the partitions can be further decomposed if needed. The externals remain the same and additional flows and stores are defined.</p>
<p>Logical data flow diagrams represent the future or essential state—that is, what transformations need to occur regardless of the current physical limitations.</p>
<p>Physical data flow diagrams model all of the data stores, printers, forms, devices, and other manifestations of data. The physical diagram can show either the current state or how it will be implemented.</p>
<p><strong>10.13.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-externals-entity-source-sink">.1 Externals (Entity, Source, Sink)</h3>
<p>An external (entity, source, sink) is a person, organization, automated system, or any device capable of producing data or receiving data. An external is an object which is outside of the system under analysis. Externals are the sources and/or destinations (sinks) of the data. Each external must have at least one data flow going to or coming from it. Externals are represented by using a noun inside a rectangle and are found within context-level diagrams as well as lower levels of abstraction.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-251">251</p>
</section></body>
</html>