<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.3 Conduct the Observation Session</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_317">
<p>10.31.4 Usage Considerations</p>
<p>Observation</p>
<h3 id="3-conduct-the-observation-session">.3 Conduct the Observation Session</h3>
<p>Before the observation session: • explain why the observation is being conducted, • reassure the participant that their personal performance is not being judged and that the results of this observation, among others, will be evaluated as a whole, • inform the participant that they can stop the observation at any time, and • recommend the sharing of any reasoning or concerns while performing the activity or soon afterwards.</p>
<p>During the observation session: • attentively watch the person perform the activity and note typical and atypical tasks or steps, the manner in which any tools are used, and information content, • record what is seen, the time taken to perform the work, its quality, any process anomalies, and the observer's own concerns or questions, and • ask probing questions either while the work is being performed or soon after the observation session.</p>
<h3 id="4-confirm-and-present-observation-results">.4 Confirm and Present Observation Results</h3>
<p>After the observation session, business analysts review the notes and data recorded from the observation and follow up with the participant to obtain answers to any remaining questions or to fill any gaps. Sharing these notes and data with participants may be helpful in obtaining answers to any questions or easing any concerns the participant may have.</p>
<p>The validated notes and data are collated with other related observations to identify similarities, differences, and trends. Findings are aggregated, summarized, and analyzed against the objectives of the session. Needs and opportunities for improvement are communicated to stakeholders.</p>
<p><strong>10.31.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• Observers can gain realistic and practical insight about the activities and their tasks within an overall process.</p>
<p>• Instances of informally performed tasks as well as any workarounds can be identified.</p>
<p>• Productivity can be viewed firsthand and realistically compared against any established performance standards or metrics.</p>
<p>• Recommendations for improvement are supported by objective and quantitative evidence.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-307">307</p>
</section></body>
</html>