<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Agile Extension to the</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_451">
<p>Appendix A: Glossary</p>
<p><strong>Appendix A: Glossary</strong> <strong>a</strong> acceptance criteria: Criteria associated with requirements, products, or the delivery cycle that must be met in order to achieve stakeholder acceptance. actor (business analysis): A human, device, or system that plays some specified role in interacting with a solution. adaptive approach: An approach where the solution evolves based on a cycle of learning and discovery, with feedback loops which encourage making decisions as late as possible.</p>
<h3 id="agile-extension-to-the">Agile Extension to the</h3>
<p>analysis in an agile context. The version 1 was published in 2013 by IIBA</p>
<h3 id="alliance">Alliance.</h3>
<p>allocation: See architecture: The design, structure, and behaviour of the current and future states of a structure in terms of its components, and the interaction between those components. See also and artifact (business analysis): Any solution-relevant object that is created as part of business analysis efforts. assumption: An influencing factor that is believed to be true but has not been confirmed to be accurate, or that could be true now but may not be in the future. <strong>b</strong> behavioural business rule: A business rule that places an obligation (or prohibition) on conduct, action, practice, or procedure; a business rule whose purpose is to shape (govern) day-to-day business activity. Also known as operative rule. benchmarking: A comparison of a decision, process, service, or system's cost, time, quality, or other metrics to those of leading peers to identify opportunities for improvement. body of knowledge: The aggregated knowledge and generally accepted practices on a topic.</p>
<h3 id="bpm-see">BPM: See</h3>
<p>brainstorming: A team activity that seeks to produce a broad or diverse set of options through the rapid and uncritical generation of ideas. business (business analysis): See business (business world): An economic system where any commercial, industrial, or professional activity is performed for profit.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-441">441</p>
</section></body>
</html>