<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.7 After the Focus Group</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_292">
<p>10.21.4 Usage Considerations should appear free-flowing and relatively unstructured to the participants. A session is typically one to two hours in length. A recorder captures the group’s comments.</p>
<h3 id="7-after-the-focus-group">.7 After the Focus Group</h3>
<p>The results of the focus group are transcribed as soon as possible after the session has ended. The business analyst analyzes and documents the participants’ agreements and disagreements, looks for trends in the responses, and creates a report that summarizes the results.</p>
<p><strong>10.21.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• The ability to elicit data from a group of people in a single session saves both time and costs as compared to conducting individual interviews with the same number of people.</p>
<p>• Effective for learning people's attitudes, experiences, and desires.</p>
<p>• Active discussion and the ability to ask others questions creates an environment in which participants can consider their personal view in relation to other perspectives.</p>
<p>• An online focus group is useful when travel budgets are limited and participants are distributed geographically.</p>
<p>• Online focus group sessions can be recorded easily for playback.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• In a group setting, participants may be concerned about issues of trust or may be unwilling to discuss sensitive or personal topics.</p>
<p>• Data collected about what people say may not be consistent with how people actually behave.</p>
<p>• If the group is too homogeneous their responses may not represent the complete set of requirements.</p>
<p>• A skilled moderator is needed to manage group interactions and discussions.</p>
<p>• It may be difficult to schedule the group for the same date and time.</p>
<p>• Online focus groups limit interaction between participants.</p>
<p>• It is difficult for the moderator of an online focus group to determine attitudes without being able to read body language.</p>
<p>• One vocal participant could sway the results of the focus group.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-282">282</p>
</section></body>
</html>