<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.3 Level of Decomposition</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_295">
<p>10.22.4 Usage Considerations</p>
<p>Functional Decomposition inputs, underlying models, dependencies, and outcomes.</p>
<h3 id="3-level-of-decomposition">.3 Level of Decomposition</h3>
<p>The appropriate level of functional decomposition defines where, why, and when to stop decomposing the subject in order to meet the analysis objectives. The process of functional decomposition continues until the business analyst has just enough understanding and detail to proceed and can apply the results of decomposition in the execution of other tasks.</p>
<h3 id="4-representation-of-decomposition-results">.4 Representation of Decomposition Results</h3>
<p>Representations of functional decomposition results allow business analysts to both validate and verify the results and to use them to solve other tasks. The results can be expressed as a combination of plain textual descriptions, hierarchical lists, descriptions using special formal notations (for example, mathematical formulas, Business Process Execution Language, or programming languages), and visual diagrams. A wide variety of diagramming techniques can be used to represent functional decomposition, including: deliverables. between decomposition results. composite state. effects involved in producing a complex outcome or phenomenon. outcomes. form larger components and/or software systems. ensure that it has inferential and business integrity.</p>
<p><strong>10.22.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• Makes complex endeavours possible by breaking down complex problems into feasible parts.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-285">285</p>
</section></body>
</html>