<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.3 Plan Prioritization Approach</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_050">
<p>3.3.5 Guidelines and Tools can approve changes and what business analysis information their authority covers.</p>
<h3 id="3-plan-prioritization-approach">.3 Plan Prioritization Approach</h3>
<p>Timelines, expected value, dependencies, resource constraints, adopted methodologies, and other factors influence how requirements and designs are prioritized.</p>
<p>When planning the prioritization process, business analysts determine the: • formality and rigour of the prioritization process, • participants who will be involved in prioritization, • process for deciding how prioritization will occur, including which prioritization techniques will be utilized, and • criteria to be used for prioritization. For example, requirements may be prioritized based on cost, risk, and value.</p>
<p>The approach should also determine which stakeholders will have a role in prioritization.</p>
<h3 id="4-plan-for-approvals">.4 Plan for Approvals</h3>
<p>An approval formalizes the agreement between all stakeholders that the content and presentation of the requirements and designs are accurate, adequate, and contain sufficient detail to allow for continued progress to be made.</p>
<p>The timing and frequency of approvals are dependent on the size and complexity of the change and associated risks of foregoing or delaying an approval.</p>
<p>The business analyst must determine the type of requirements and designs to be approved, the timing for the approvals, the process to follow to gain approval, and who will approve the requirements and designs.</p>
<p>When planning the appropriate approval process, business analysts consider the organizational culture and the type of information being approved. For example, new systems or processes for highly regulated industries such as financial, pharmaceutical, or healthcare are likely to require frequent and rigorous review and approval of very detailed specifications. For other types of initiatives, a less intensive approval process may be more appropriate and result in a faster implementation.</p>
<p>Planning for approvals also includes the schedule of events where approvals will occur and how they will be tracked. Stakeholder availability, attitude, and willingness to engage determine the efficiency of the approval process and may significantly affect delivery timelines.</p>
<p><strong>3.3.5</strong></p>
<h3 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h3>
<h2 id="business-analysis-performance-assessment">• Business Analysis Performance Assessment</h2>
<p>assessments that should be reviewed and incorporated into all planning approaches.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-40">40</p>
</section></body>
</html>