<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Interviews</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_191">
<p>8.4.7 Stakeholders</p>
<h2 id="interviews">• Interviews</h2>
<h3 id="item-tracking">• Item Tracking</h3>
<p>issues identified by assessment are resolved.</p>
<h3 id="lessons-learned">• Lessons Learned</h3>
<p>interactions with the solutions.</p>
<h3 id="observation">• Observation</h3>
<p>identify impacts.</p>
<h3 id="organizational-modelling">• Organizational Modelling</h3>
<p>changes to the organizational structure that may have to be addressed.</p>
<h3 id="process-analysis">• Process Analysis</h3>
<p>performance.</p>
<h3 id="process-modelling">• Process Modelling</h3>
<p>changes that must be made in order to achieve the potential value of the solution.</p>
<h3 id="risk-analysis-and-management">• Risk Analysis and Management</h3>
<p>technology (if the selected technological resources provide required functionality), finance (if costs could exceed levels that make the change salvageable), and business (if the organization will be able to make the changes necessary to attain potential value from the solution).</p>
<h3 id="roles-and-permissions-matrix">• Roles and Permissions Matrix</h3>
<p>permissions for stakeholders, as well as stability of end users.</p>
<h3 id="root-cause-analysis">• Root Cause Analysis</h3>
<p>related to enterprise limitations.</p>
<h3 id="survey-or-questionnaire">• Survey or Questionnaire</h3>
<p>concerns.</p>
<h3 id="swot-analysis">• SWOT Analysis</h3>
<p>maximize strengths and minimize weaknesses, and to assess strategies developed to respond to identified issues.</p>
<h3 id="workshops">• Workshops</h3>
<p><strong>8.4.7</strong></p>
<h2 id="stakeholders">Stakeholders</h2>
<h3 id="customer">• Customer</h3>
<p>interact with the organization in the use of the solution.</p>
<h3 id="domain-subject-matter-expert">• Domain Subject Matter Expert</h3>
<p>interacts with the solution and identifies potential limitations.</p>
<h3 id="end-user">• End User</h3>
<p>Users could be customers or people who work within the organization.</p>
<h3 id="regulator">• Regulator</h3>
<p>adherence to laws, regulations, or rules; may have unique input to the organizational assessment, as relevant regulations must be included in the</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-181">181</p>
</section></body>
</html>