<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_372">
<p>10.49.3 Elements</p>
<p>Vendor Assessment initiative, and the criticality of the solution may influence the level of formality in which vendors are assessed.</p>
<p><strong>10.49.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-knowledge-and-expertise">.1 Knowledge and Expertise</h3>
<p>A common reason for using third-party vendors is that they can provide knowledge and expertise not available within the organization. It may be desirable to target vendors with expertise in particular methodologies or technologies with the goal of having that expertise transferred to people within the enterprise.</p>
<h3 id="2-licensing-and-pricing-models">.2 Licensing and Pricing Models</h3>
<p>The licensing or pricing model is taken into account in cases where a solution or solution component is purchased from or outsourced to a third party vendor. In many cases, solutions that offer similar functionality may differ greatly in their licensing models, which then requires analysis of different usage scenarios to determine which option will provide the best cost-benefit ratio under the scenarios likely to be encountered in the enterprise.</p>
<h3 id="3-vendor-market-position">.3 Vendor Market Position</h3>
<p>It is important to be able to compare each vendor with the competitors and decide with which market players the organization wants to get involved. The comparison of the organization’s profile with each vendor’s customer community may also be a factor in the assessment. The dynamics of the vendors’ market position are also very important, especially if the organization intends to establish a long-term partnership with that vendor.</p>
<h3 id="4-terms-and-conditions">.4 Terms and Conditions</h3>
<p>Terms and conditions refer to the continuity and integrity of the provided products and services. The organization investigates whether the vendor's licensing terms, intellectual property rights and technology infrastructure are likely to turn into challenges if the organization later chooses to transition to another supplier. There may also be considerations regarding the vendor's use of, and responsibility for protecting, the organization's confidential data. The terms under which customizations of the product will be executed, as well as the availability of a regular update schedule and roadmap of features that are planned for delivery, are considered.</p>
<h3 id="5-vendor-experience-reputation-and-stability">.5 Vendor Experience, Reputation, and Stability</h3>
<p>Vendors' experience with other customers may provide valuable information on how likely it is that they will be able to meet their contractual and non-contractual obligations. Vendors can also be evaluated for conformance and compliance with external relevant standards for quality, security, and professionalism. It may be necessary to request that steps be taken to ensure there are no risks if a vendor encounters financial difficulties, and that it will be</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-362">362</p>
</section></body>
</html>