<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.3 Impact Resolution</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_103">
<p>5.4.5 Guidelines and Tools changes, its relationships to other requirements or solution components can be reviewed. Each related requirement or component may also require a change to support the new requirement.</p>
<p>When considering changes or additions to existing requirements, business analysts assess the impact of the proposed change by considering: the change, the cost of associated rework, and the opportunity costs such as the number of other features that may need to be sacrificed or deferred if the change is approved. change is accepted. approved. necessity such as regulator or safety issues.</p>
<h3 id="3-impact-resolution">.3 Impact Resolution</h3>
<p>Depending on the planned approach, various stakeholders (including the business analyst) may be authorized to approve, deny, or defer the proposed change. All impacts and resolutions resulting from the change analysis are to be documented and communicated to all stakeholders. How decisions and changes will be made and communicated across an initiative is determined by the task Plan Business</p>
<h3 id="analysis-governance-p-37">Analysis Governance (p. 37).</h3>
<p><strong>5.4.5</strong></p>
<h2 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h2>
<h3 id="change-strategy">• Change Strategy</h3>
<p>the context for the change, and identifies the critical components for change.</p>
<h3 id="domain-knowledge">• Domain Knowledge</h3>
<p>needed to assess proposed requirements changes.</p>
<h3 id="governance-approach">• Governance Approach</h3>
<p>decision-making processes, as well as the roles of stakeholders within this process.</p>
<h3 id="legalregulatory-information">• Legal/Regulatory Information</h3>
<p>must be followed. These may impact requirements and must be considered when making changes.</p>
<h3 id="requirements-architecture">• Requirements Architecture</h3>
<p>therefore the business analyst examines and analyzes the requirement relationships to determine which requirements will be impacted by a requested requirements change.</p>
<h3 id="solution-scope">• Solution Scope</h3>
<p>understand the impact of a proposed change.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-93">93</p>
</section></body>
</html>