<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.3 Effectiveness Measures</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_211">
<p>9.3.3 Organization Knowledge • What are the potential impacts of weather, political unrest, or natural disasters?</p>
<p>• Who are the target customers and are they the same for the competition?</p>
<p>• What impacts the seasonal cycles for production, marketing, and sales?</p>
<p>Does it impact staffing or require changes in processes?</p>
<h3 id="3-effectiveness-measures">.3 Effectiveness Measures</h3>
<p>Measures of effective industry knowledge include: • being aware of activities within both the enterprise and the broader industry, • having knowledge of major competitors and partners, • the ability to identify key trends shaping the industry, • being familiar with the largest customer segments, • having knowledge of common products and product types, • being knowledgeable of sources of information about the industry, including relevant trade organizations or journals, • understanding of industry specific terms, standards, processes and methodologies, and • understanding of the industry regulatory environment.</p>
<p><strong>9.3.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="organization-knowledge">Organization Knowledge</h2>
<h3 id="1-purpose">.1 Purpose</h3>
<p>Organization knowledge provides an understanding of the management structure and business architecture of the enterprise.</p>
<h3 id="2-definition">.2 Definition</h3>
<p>Organization knowledge includes an understanding of how the enterprise generates profits, accomplishes its goals, its organizational structure, the relationships that exist between business units, and the persons who occupy key stakeholder positions. Organization knowledge also includes understanding the organization's formal and informal communication channels as well as an awareness of the internal politics that influence decision making.</p>
<h3 id="3-effectiveness-measures">.3 Effectiveness Measures</h3>
<p>Measures of effective organization knowledge include: • the ability to act according to informal and formal communications and authority channels, • understanding of terminology or jargon used in the organization, • understanding of the products or services offered by the organization,</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-201">201</p>
</section></body>
</html>