<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_098">
<p>5.3.4 Elements <strong>5.3.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-basis-for-prioritization">.1 Basis for Prioritization</h3>
<p>The basis on which requirements are prioritized is agreed upon by relevant stakeholders as defined in the Business Analysis Planning and Monitoring knowledge area.</p>
<p>Typical factors that influence prioritization include: requirement implementation, as measured against the goals and objectives for the change. The benefit provided can refer to a specific functionality, desired quality, or strategic goal or business objective. If there are multiple stakeholders, each group may perceive benefits differently. Conflict resolution and negotiation may be employed to come to consensus on overall benefit. requirement. This includes prioritizing requirements in order to meet regulatory or policy demands imposed on the organization, which may take precedence over other stakeholder interests. Penalty may also refer to the negative consequence of not implementing a requirement that improves the experience of a customer.</p>
<p>Information about cost typically comes from the implementation team or the vendor. Customers may change the priority of a requirement after learning the cost. Cost is often used in conjunction with other criteria, such as cost-benefit analysis. cannot be met at all. This may include many factors such as the difficulty of implementing a requirement, or the chance that stakeholders will not accept a solution component. If there is a risk that the solution is not technically feasible, the requirement that is most difficult to implement may be prioritized to the top of the list in order to minimize the resources that are spent before learning that a proposed solution cannot be delivered. A proof of concept may be developed to establish that high risk options are possible. requirement cannot be fulfilled unless the other requirement is fulfilled. In some situations, it may be possible to achieve efficiencies by implementing related requirements at the same time. Dependencies may also be external to the initiative, including but not limited to other teams’ decisions, funding commitments, and resource availability. Dependencies are identified as part of the task Trace Requirements (p. 79). the implementation of the requirement loses significant value. This includes time-to-market scenarios, in which the benefit derived will be exponentially</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-88">88</p>
</section></body>
</html>