<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Risks Analysis Results</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_186">
<p>8.3.6 Techniques</p>
<h3 id="risks-analysis-results">• Risks Analysis Results</h3>
<p>modifying the individual risks.</p>
<h3 id="solution-scope">• Solution Scope</h3>
<p><strong>8.3.6</strong></p>
<h3 id="acceptance-and-evaluation-criteria">• Acceptance and Evaluation Criteria</h3>
<p>acceptance criteria are met or anticipated to be met by the solution and to identify any criteria that are not met by the solution.</p>
<h3 id="benchmarking-and-market-analysis">• Benchmarking and Market Analysis</h3>
<p>are experiencing the same solution challenges and, if possible, determine how they are addressing it.</p>
<h3 id="business-rules-analysis">• Business Rules Analysis</h3>
<p>changes required to achieve the potential value of the change.</p>
<h3 id="data-mining">• Data Mining</h3>
<p>solution.</p>
<h3 id="decision-analysis">• Decision Analysis</h3>
<p>changes required to achieve the potential value of the change.</p>
<h2 id="interviews">• Interviews</h2>
<h3 id="item-tracking">• Item Tracking</h3>
<p>the solution is not meeting the potential value.</p>
<h3 id="lessons-learned">• Lessons Learned</h3>
<p>definition, and construction of the solution to have potentially impacted its ability to deliver value.</p>
<h3 id="risk-analysis-and-management">• Risk Analysis and Management</h3>
<p>as they relate to the solution and its potential limitations, that may impede the realization of potential value.</p>
<h3 id="root-cause-analysis">• Root Cause Analysis</h3>
<p>factors and their underlying causes that led to the solution being unable to deliver its potential value.</p>
<h3 id="survey-or-questionnaire">• Survey or Questionnaire</h3>
<p><strong>8.3.7</strong></p>
<h2 id="stakeholders">Stakeholders</h2>
<h3 id="customer">• Customer</h3>
<p>perspective on its value. A customer may be consulted to provide reviews and feedback.</p>
<h3 id="domain-subject-matter-expert">• Domain Subject Matter Expert</h3>
<p>perform and identifies potential limitations to value realization.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-176">176</p>
</section></body>
</html>