<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Figure 10.43.1: Stakeholder Matrix</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_355">
<p><strong>.2 Stakeholder Map</strong> Stakeholder maps are diagrams that depict the relationship of stakeholders to the solution and to one another.</p>
<p>There are many forms of stakeholder maps, but two common ones include: level of stakeholder interest. solution, which stakeholders will directly interact with the solution or participate in a business process, which are part of the larger organization, and which are outside the organization.</p>
<p>The business analyst typically starts their stakeholder analysis by reviewing the proposed scope of the solution and then analyzing which groups will be impacted. At the start of this analysis, the business analyst may produce a stakeholder matrix to identify each stakeholder and their role as it pertains to the development of the requirements. Throughout a project, a stakeholder’s position on the matrix can change due to organizational, environmental, or requirement scope changes. Due to these potential changes, stakeholder analysis is considered iterative and reviewed frequently by the business analyst.</p>
<h2 id="figure-10431-stakeholder-matrix">Figure 10.43.1: Stakeholder Matrix</h2>
<h3 id="high">High</h3>
<p>Work closely with stakeholder to ensure that they are in agreement with Ensure stakeholder remains satisfied. and support the change.</p>
<h2 id="influence-of">Influence of</h2>
<h3 id="stakeholder">Stakeholder</h3>
<p>Keep informed; stakeholder is likely to be very concerned Monitor to ensure stakeholders interest or influence do not change. and may feel anxious about lack of control.</p>
<h2 id="low">Low</h2>
<h2 id="impact-on">Impact on</h2>
<h2 id="stakeholder">Stakeholder</h2>
<h2 id="high">High</h2>
<h3 id="low">Low</h3>
<p>change effort. The business analyst should focus their efforts and engage this group regularly. met. The business analyst should engage and consult with them, while also attempting to engage them and increase their level of interest with the change activity. potential goodwill ambassadors for the change effort. The business analyst should engage this group for their input and show interest in their needs.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-345">345</p>
</section></body>
</html>