<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_329">
<p>10.35.3 Elements • the results of the process.</p>
<p>The most basic process model includes: a trigger event, a sequence of activities, and a result.</p>
<p>A more comprehensive process model can include other elements, such as data/materials, inputs and outputs, and call-out descriptions that supplement the graphical representation.</p>
<p><strong>10.35.3</strong></p>
<h3 id="elements">Elements</h3>
<h2 id="1-types-of-process-models-and-notations">.1 Types of Process Models and Notations</h2>
<p>Many different notations are used in process modelling.</p>
<p>The most commonly used notations include the following: domain. <strong>diagrams</strong> business and information technology domains; is increasingly adopted as an industry standard.</p>
<p><strong>Enabler (IGOE) diagrams</strong> Process models typically contain some or all of the following key elements: process. It may be a single task or may be further decomposed into a sub-process (with its own activities, flow, and other process elements). activity or task within a process or the process itself. It may be a message received, the passage of time, or the occurrence of a condition as defined in the business rules. workflow. In general, diagrams are drawn to show the passage of time in a consistent fashion (typically in the direction that text would be read). two or more flows (paths), which may be mutually exclusive alternatives or parallels. A decision can also be used to locate rules where separate flows merge together. typically match those in the organizational model.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-319">319</p>
</section></body>
</html>