<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 Limitations</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_271">
<p>10.16 Decision Analysis • Offers the flexibility of different levels of detail, which provides just enough information for the respective audience.</p>
<p>• Formal modelling of the information held by the business may expose new requirements as inconsistencies are identified.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• Following data modelling standards too rigorously may lead to models that are unfamiliar to people without a background in IT.</p>
<p>• May extend across multiple functional areas of the organization, and so beyond the business knowledge base of individual stakeholders.</p>
<p><strong>10.16</strong> <strong>10.16.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>Decision analysis formally assesses a problem and possible decisions in order to determine the value of alternate outcomes under conditions of uncertainty.</p>
<p><strong>10.16.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Decision analysis examines and models the possible consequences of different decisions about a given problem. A decision is the act of choosing a single course of action from several uncertain outcomes with different values. The outcome value may take different forms depending on the domain, but commonly include financial value, scoring, or a relative ranking dependent on the approach and evaluation criteria used by the business analyst.</p>
<p>Decisions are often difficult to assess when: • the problem is poorly defined, • the action leading to a desired outcome is not fully understood, • the external factors affecting a decision are not fully understood, or • the value of different outcomes is not understood or agreed upon by the various stakeholders and does not allow for direct comparison.</p>
<p>Decision analysis helps business analysts evaluate different outcome values under conditions of uncertainty or in highly complex situations. A variety of decision analysis approaches are available. The appropriate approach depends on the level of uncertainty, risk, quality of information, and available evaluation criteria.</p>
<p>Effective decision analysis requires an understanding of: • the values, goals, and objectives that are relevant to the decision problem, • the nature of the decision that must be made, • the areas of uncertainty that affect the decision, and • the consequences of each potential decision.</p>
</section></body>
</html>