<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Analytical Thinking and Problem Solving core competencies include:</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_198">
<p>9.1 Analytical Thinking and Problem Solving <strong>9.1</strong> Analytical thinking and problem solving skills are required for business analysts to analyze problems and opportunities effectively, identify which changes may deliver the most value, and work with stakeholders to understand the impact of those changes.</p>
<p>Business analysts use analytical thinking by rapidly assimilating various types of information (for example, diagrams, stakeholder concerns, customer feedback, schematics, user guides, and spreadsheets), and identifying which are relevant.</p>
<p>Business analysts should be able to quickly choose effective and adaptable methods to learn and analyze the media, audiences, problem types, and environments as each is encountered.</p>
<p>Business analysts utilize analytical thinking and problem solving as they facilitate understanding of situations, the value of proposed changes, and other complex ideas.</p>
<p>Possessing a sound understanding of the analytical thinking and problem solving core competencies allows business analysts to identify the best ways to present information to their stakeholders. For example, some concepts are more easily understood when presented in diagrams and information graphics rather than by paragraphs of text. Having this understanding assists business analysts when planning their business analysis approach and enables them to communicate business analysis information in a manner that suits the material being conveyed to their audience.</p>
<h2 id="analytical-thinking-and-problem-solving-core-competencies-include">Analytical Thinking and Problem Solving core competencies include:</h2>
<h2 id="creative-thinking">• Creative Thinking,</h2>
<h2 id="decision-making">• Decision Making,</h2>
<h2 id="learning">• Learning,</h2>
<h2 id="problem-solving">• Problem Solving,</h2>
<h2 id="systems-thinking">• Systems Thinking,</h2>
<h2 id="conceptual-thinking-and">• Conceptual Thinking, and</h2>
<h3 id="visual-thinking">• Visual Thinking.</h3>
<p><strong>9.1.1</strong></p>
<h2 id="creative-thinking">Creative Thinking</h2>
<h3 id="1-purpose">.1 Purpose</h3>
<p>Thinking creatively and helping others to apply creative thinking helps business analysts to be effective in generating new ideas, approaches, and alternatives to problem solving and opportunities.</p>
<h3 id="2-definition">.2 Definition</h3>
<p>Creative thinking involves generating new ideas and concepts as well as finding new or different associations between existing ideas and concepts. It helps</p>
</section></body>
</html>