<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Stakeholders</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_180">
<p>8.1.7 Stakeholders</p>
<p>Analyze Performance Measures <strong>8.1.7</strong></p>
<h2 id="stakeholders">Stakeholders</h2>
<h2 id="customer">• Customer</h2>
<h3 id="domain-subject-matter-expert">• Domain Subject Matter Expert</h3>
<p>be consulted to provide potential measurements.</p>
<h3 id="end-user">• End User</h3>
<p>solution performance. They may be consulted to provide reviews and feedback on areas such as workload and job satisfaction.</p>
<h3 id="project-manager">• Project Manager</h3>
<p>the solution measurement. For solutions already in operation, this role may not be required.</p>
<h3 id="sponsor">• Sponsor</h3>
<p>performance. May also provide performance expectations.</p>
<h3 id="regulator">• Regulator</h3>
<p>constraints and guidelines that must be incorporated into solution performance measures.</p>
<p><strong>8.1.8</strong></p>
<h2 id="outputs">Outputs</h2>
<h3 id="solution-performance-measures">• Solution Performance Measures</h3>
<p>well the solution is performing or potentially could perform.</p>
<p><strong>8.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="analyze-performance-measures">Analyze Performance Measures</h3>
<p><strong>8.2.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>The purpose of Analyze Performance Measures is to provide insights into the performance of a solution in relation to the value it brings.</p>
<p><strong>8.2.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>The measures collected in the task Measure Solution Performance (p. 166) often require interpretation and synthesis to derive meaning and to be actionable.</p>
<p>Performance measures themselves rarely trigger a decision about the value of a solution.</p>
<p>In order to meaningfully analyze performance measures, business analysts require a thorough understanding of the potential value that stakeholders hope to achieve with the solution. To assist in the analysis, variables such as the goals and objectives of the enterprise, key performance indicators (KPIs), the level of risk of the solution, the risk tolerance of both stakeholders and the enterprise, and other stated targets are considered.</p>
<p><strong>8.2.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="inputs">Inputs</h2>
<h3 id="potential-value">• Potential Value</h3>
<p>proposed future state. It can be used as a benchmark against which solution performance can be evaluated.</p>
</section></body>
</html>