<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.3 Checklists</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_154">
<p>7.2.5 Guidelines and Tools • adding examples where appropriate for clarification.</p>
<h3 id="3-checklists">.3 Checklists</h3>
<p>Checklists are used for quality control when verifying requirements and designs.</p>
<p>Checklists may include a standard set of quality elements that business analysts use to verify the requirements, or they may be specifically developed to capture issues of concern. The purpose of a checklist is to ensure that items determined to be important are included in the final requirements deliverables, or that steps required for the verification process are followed.</p>
<p><strong>7.2.5</strong></p>
<h3 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h3>
<h2 id="requirements-life-cycle-management-tools">• Requirements Life Cycle Management Tools</h2>
<p>to check for issues related to many of the characteristics, such as atomic, unambiguous, and prioritized.</p>
<p><strong>7.2.6</strong></p>
<h3 id="acceptance-and-evaluation-criteria">• Acceptance and Evaluation Criteria</h3>
<p>stated clearly enough to devise a set of tests that can prove that the requirements have been met.</p>
<h3 id="item-tracking">• Item Tracking</h3>
<p>verification are managed and resolved.</p>
<h3 id="metrics-and-key-performance-indicators-kpis">• Metrics and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)</h3>
<p>evaluate the quality of the requirements.</p>
<h3 id="reviews">• Reviews</h3>
<p>that are not of acceptable quality.</p>
<p><strong>7.2.7</strong></p>
<h3 id="stakeholders">Stakeholders</h3>
<p><strong>• All stakeholders</strong> implementation subject matter experts, has the primary responsibility for determining that this task has been completed. Other stakeholders may discover problematic requirements during requirements communication.</p>
<p>Therefore, all stakeholders could be involved in this task.</p>
<p><strong>7.2.8</strong></p>
<h3 id="outputs">Outputs</h3>
<p><strong>• Requirements (verified)</strong> quality to be used as a basis for further work.</p>
<p><strong>7.3</strong> <strong>7.3.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>The purpose of Validate Requirements is to ensure that all requirements and</p>
</section></body>
</html>