<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>chapter_194</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_194">
<p>may also be impossible to make a change with the resources available or in the allotted time frame. perceptions of, and participation in the change related to the solution.</p>
<p>Organizational change management generally refers to a process and set of tools for managing change at an organizational level. The business analyst may help to develop recommendations for changes to the organizational structure or personnel, as job functions may change significantly as the result of work being automated. New information may be made available to stakeholders and new skills may be required to operate the solution.</p>
<p>Possible recommendations that relate to organizational change include: • automating or simplifying the work people perform. Relatively simple tasks are prime candidates for automation. Additionally, work activities and business rules can be reviewed and analyzed to determine opportunities for re-engineering, changes in responsibilities, and outsourcing.</p>
<p>• improving access to information. Change may provide greater amounts of information and better quality of information to staff and decision makers. is transferred between systems or between people. Reducing their complexity can improve understanding. needs that can be met with a single solution, reducing the cost of implementation. activities that do not add value and minimize those activities that do not contribute to the final product directly. to the organization above and beyond those identified in the requirements.</p>
<p>In many cases, these capabilities are not of immediate value to the organization but have the potential to provide future value, as the solution may support the rapid development or implementation of those capabilities if they are required (for example, a software application may have features that the organization anticipates using in the future). solution or solution component. This may occur because technology has reached the end of its life, services are being insourced or outsourced, or the solution is not fulfilling the goals for which it was created.</p>
<p>• Some additional factors that may impact the decision regarding the replacement or retirement of a solution include: solution to have increasing costs over time, while alternatives have a higher investment cost upfront but lower maintenance costs.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-184">184</p>
</section></body>
</html>