<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.4 Trade-offs</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_274">
<p>10.16.4 Usage Considerations</p>
<h3 id="4-trade-offs">.4 Trade-offs</h3>
<p>Trade-offs become relevant whenever a decision problem involves multiple, possibly conflicting, objectives. Because more than one objective is relevant, it is not sufficient to simply find the maximum value for one variable (such as the financial benefit for the organization). When making trade-offs, effective methods include: option that is clearly inferior to some other option. If an option is equal to or worse than some other option when rated against the objectives, the other option can be said to dominate it. In some cases, an option may also be dominated if it only offers very small advantages but has significant disadvantages. rankings to a similar scale is proportional scoring. Using this method, the best outcome is assigned a rating of 100, the worst a rating of 0, and all other outcomes are given a rating based on where they fall between those two scores. If the outcomes are then assigned weights based on their relative importance, a score can be assigned to each outcome and the best alternative assigned using a decision tree.</p>
<p><strong>10.16.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• Provides business analysts with a prescriptive approach for determining alternate options, especially in complex or uncertain situations.</p>
<p>• Helps stakeholders who are under pressure to assess options based on criteria, thus reducing decisions based on descriptive information and emotions.</p>
<p>• Requires stakeholders to honestly assess the importance they place on different alternate outcomes in order to help avoid false assumptions.</p>
<p>• Enables business analysts to construct appropriate metrics or introduce relative rankings for outcome evaluation in order to directly compare both the financial and non-financial outcome evaluation criteria.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• The information to conduct proper decision analysis may not be available in time to make the decision.</p>
<p>• Many decisions must be made immediately, without the luxury of employing a formal or even informal decision analysis process.</p>
<p>• The decision maker must provide input to the process and understand the assumptions and model limitations. Otherwise, they may perceive the results provided by the business analyst as more certain than they are.</p>
<p>• Analysis paralysis can occur when too much dependence is placed on the decision analysis and in determining probabilistic values.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-264">264</p>
</section></body>
</html>