<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>chapter_452</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_452">
<p>business analysis: The practice of enabling change in the context of an enterprise by defining needs and recommending solutions that deliver value to stakeholders. business analysis information: Any kind of information at any level of detail that is used as an input to business analysis work, or as an output of business analysis work. business analysis package: A document, presentation, or other collection of text, matrices, diagrams and models, representing business analysis information. business analyst: Any person who performs business analysis, no matter their job title or organizational role. For more information, see Who is a Business Analyst? (p. 2). business analysis approach: The set of processes, rules, guidelines, heuristics, and activities that are used to perform business analysis in a specific context. business analysis communication plan: A description of the types of communication the business analyst will perform during business analysis, the recipients of those communications, and the form and frequency of those communications. business analysis effort: The scope of activities a business analyst is engaged in during the life cycle of an initiative. business analysis plan: A description of the planned activities the business analyst will execute in order to perform the business analysis work involved in a specific initiative. See also business architecture: The design, structure, and behaviour of the current and future states of an enterprise to provide a common understanding of the organization. It is used to align the enterprise’s strategic objectives and tactical demands. business case: A justification for a course of action based on the benefits to be realized by using the proposed solution, as compared to the cost, effort, and other considerations to acquire and live with that solution. business decision: A decision that can be made based on strategy, executive judgment, consensus, and business rules, and that is generally made in response to events or at defined points in a business process. business domain: See business goal: A state or condition that an organization is seeking to establish and maintain, usually expressed qualitatively rather than quantitatively. business need: A problem or opportunity of strategic or tactical importance to be addressed. business objective: An objective, measurable result to indicate that a business goal has been achieved. business policy: A non-practicable directive that controls and influences the actions of an enterprise.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-442">442</p>
</section></body>
</html>