<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.4 Reporting</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_309">
<p>10.28.4 Usage Considerations</p>
<p>Mind Mapping extent to which data clearly and directly measures the performance the organization intends to measure. Timeliness is the fit of the frequency and latency of data to the management’s need.</p>
<h3 id="4-reporting">.4 Reporting</h3>
<p>Typically, reports compare the baseline, current metrics, and target metrics with calculations of the differences presented in both absolute and relative terms. In most situations, trends are more credible and important than absolute metrics.</p>
<p>Visual presentations tend to be more effective than tables, particularly when using qualitative text to explain the data.</p>
<p><strong>10.28.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• Establishing a monitoring and evaluation system allows stakeholders to understand the extent to which a solution meets an objective, as well as how effective the inputs and activities of developing the solution (outputs) were.</p>
<p>• Indicators, metrics, and reporting also facilitate organizational alignment, linking goals to objectives, supporting solutions, underlying tasks, and resources.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• Gathering excessive amounts of data beyond what is needed will result in unnecessary expense in collecting, analyzing, and reporting. It will also distract project members from other responsibilities. On Agile projects, this will be particularly relevant.</p>
<p>• A bureaucratic metrics program fails from collecting too much data and not generating useful reports that will allow timely action. Those charged with collecting metric data must be given feedback to understand how their actions are affecting the quality of the project results.</p>
<p>• When metrics are used to assess performance, the individuals being measured are likely to act to increase their performance on those metrics, even if this causes sub-optimal performance on other activities.</p>
<p><strong>10.29</strong></p>
<h3 id="mind-mapping">Mind Mapping</h3>
<p><strong>10.29.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>Mind mapping is used to articulate and capture thoughts, ideas, and information.</p>
<p><strong>10.29.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Mind mapping is a form of note taking that captures thoughts, ideas, and information in a non-linear diagram. Mind maps use images, words, colour, and</p>
</section></body>
</html>