<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_346">
<p>10.40.3 Elements</p>
<p>Root Cause Analysis minimize recurrence.</p>
<p><strong>10.40.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-the-fishbone-diagram">.1 The Fishbone Diagram</h3>
<p>A fishbone diagram (also known as an Ishikawa or cause-and-effect diagram) is used to identify and organize the possible causes of a problem. This tool helps to focus on the cause of the problem versus the solution and organizes ideas for further analysis. The diagram serves as a map that depicts possible cause-and-effect relationships.</p>
<p>Steps to develop a fishbone diagram include:</p>
<h3 id="step-1">Step 1.</h3>
<p>Capturing the issue or problem under discussion in a box at the top of the diagram.</p>
<h3 id="step-2">Step 2.</h3>
<p>Drawing a line from the box across the paper or whiteboard (forming the spine of the fishbone).</p>
<h3 id="step-3">Step 3.</h3>
<p>Drawing diagonal lines from the spine to represent categories of potential causes of the problem. The categories may include people, processes, tools, and policies.</p>
<h3 id="step-4">Step 4.</h3>
<p>Drawing smaller lines to represent deeper causes.</p>
<h3 id="step-5">Step 5.</h3>
<p>Brainstorming categories and potential causes of the problem and capturing them under the appropriate category.</p>
<h3 id="step-6">Step 6.</h3>
<p>Analyzing the results. Remember that the group has identified only potential causes of the problem. Further analysis is needed to validate the actual cause, ideally with data.</p>
<h3 id="step-7">Step 7.</h3>
<p>Brainstorming potential solutions once the actual cause has been identified.</p>
<h2 id="figure-10401-fishbone-diagram">Figure 10.40.1: Fishbone Diagram</h2>
<h2 id="category-1">Category 1</h2>
<h2 id="category-2">Category 2</h2>
<h2 id="primary-cause">Primary Cause</h2>
<h2 id="tertiary-cause">Tertiary Cause</h2>
<h2 id="effect">Effect</h2>
<h2 id="secondary-cause">Secondary Cause</h2>
<h2 id="category-n">Category N</h2>
<h3 id="category-3">Category 3</h3>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-336">336</p>
</section></body>
</html>