<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Functional Decomposition</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_293">
<p>10.22 Functional Decomposition</p>
<p>Functional Decomposition <strong>10.22</strong></p>
<h3 id="functional-decomposition">Functional Decomposition</h3>
<p><strong>10.22.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>Functional decomposition helps manage complexity and reduce uncertainty by breaking down processes, systems, functional areas, or deliverables into their simpler constituent parts and allowing each part to be analyzed independently.</p>
<p><strong>10.22.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Functional decomposition approaches the analysis of complex systems and concepts by considering them as a set of collaborating or related functions, effects, and components. This isolation helps reduce the complexity of the analysis. Breaking down larger components into sub-components allows scaling, tracking, and measuring work effort for each of them. It also facilitates evaluation of the success of each sub-component as it relates to other larger or smaller components.</p>
<p>The depth of decomposition may vary depending on the nature of components and objectives. Functional decomposition assumes that sub-components can and do completely describe their parent components. Any sub-component can have only one parent component when developing the functional hierarchy.</p>
<p>The diagram below provides an example of how a function can be broken down to manageable, measurable sub-components.</p>
<h2 id="figure-10221-functional-decomposition-diagram">Figure 10.22.1: Functional Decomposition Diagram</h2>
<h2 id="function">Function</h2>
<h2 id="subfunction">Subfunction</h2>
<h2 id="subfunction">Subfunction</h2>
<h2 id="process-11">Process 1.1</h2>
<h2 id="process-13">Process 1.3</h2>
<h2 id="process-12">Process 1.2</h2>
<h2 id="process-21">Process 2.1</h2>
<h2 id="process-22">Process 2.2</h2>
<h2 id="process-23">Process 2.3</h2>
<h2 id="process-24">Process 2.4</h2>
<h2 id="activity-121">Activity 1.2.1</h2>
<h2 id="activity-111">Activity 1.1.1</h2>
<h2 id="process-211">Process 2.1.1</h2>
<h2 id="activity-112">Activity 1.1.2</h2>
<h2 id="activity-122">Activity 1.2.2</h2>
<h2 id="process-222">Process 2.2.2</h2>
<h3 id="activity-113">Activity 1.1.3</h3>
</section></body>
</html>