<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Decision Tables</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_276">
<p>All of these approaches involve three key elements: • decision, • information, and • knowledge.</p>
<h3 id="decision-tables">Decision Tables</h3>
<p>Business decisions use a specific set of input values to determine a particular outcome by using a defined set of business rules to select one from the available outcomes. A decision table is a compact, tabular representation of a set of these rules. Each row (or column) is a rule and each column (or row) represents one of the conditions of that rule. When all the conditions in a particular rule evaluate to true for a set of input data, the outcome or action specified for that rule is selected.</p>
<p>Decision tables generally contain one or more condition columns that map to specific data elements, as well as one or more action or outcome columns. Each row can contain a specific condition in each condition column. These are evaluated against the value of the data element being considered. If all the cells in a rule are either blank or evaluate to true, the rule is true and the result specified in the action or outcome column occurs.</p>
<h2 id="figure-10171-decision-table">Figure 10.17.1: Decision Table</h2>
<h2 id="eligibility-rules">Eligibility Rules</h2>
<h2 id="loan-amount">Loan Amount</h2>
<h2 id="age">Age</h2>
<h3 id="eligibility">Eligibility</h3>
<p>&gt;18</p>
<h3 id="eligible">Eligible</h3>
<p/></section></body></html>