<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_153">
<p>7.2.4 Elements</p>
<p>Verify Requirements <strong>7.2.4</strong></p>
<h3 id="elements">Elements</h3>
<h2 id="1-characteristics-of-requirements-and-designs-quality">.1 Characteristics of Requirements and Designs Quality</h2>
<p>While quality is ultimately determined by the needs of the stakeholders who will use the requirements or the designs, acceptable quality requirements exhibit many of the following characteristics: other requirements or designs. detail for work to continue. The level of completeness required differs based on perspective or methodology, as well as the point in the life cycle where the requirement is being examined or represented. conflicting with other requirements. and budget, or considered feasible enough to investigate further through experiments or prototypes. make it clear whether a solution does or does not meet the associated need.</p>
<p>Acceptable levels of verifying fulfillment depend on the level of abstraction of the requirement or design. value against all other requirements.</p>
<h3 id="2-verification-activities">.2 Verification Activities</h3>
<p>Verification activities are typically performed iteratively throughout the requirements analysis process.</p>
<p>Verification activities include: • checking for compliance with organizational performance standards for business analysis, such as using the right tools and methods, • checking for correct use of modelling notation, templates, or forms, • checking for completeness within each model, • comparing each model against other relevant models, checking for elements that are mentioned in one model but are missing in other models, and verifying that the elements are referenced consistently, • ensuring the terminology used in expressing the requirement is understandable to stakeholders and consistent with the use of those terms within the organization, and</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-143">143</p>
</section></body>
</html>