<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>RFI: See</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_462">
<p>development team can use them in the design, development, and implementation of the solution. requirements workshop: A structured meeting in which a carefully selected group of stakeholders collaborate to define and/or refine requirements under the guidance of a skilled neutral facilitator. residual risk: The risk remaining after action has been taken or plans have been put in place to deal with the original risk. retrospective: See return on investment (ROI) (business analysis): A measure of the profitability of a project or investment. responsible, accountable, consulted, and informed matrix (RACI matrix): A tool used to identify the responsibilities of roles or team members and the activities or deliverables in which they will participate, by being responsible (doing the work), accountable (approving the results), consulted (providing input) or informed of the completed item after it has been completed.</p>
<h2 id="rfi-see">RFI: See</h2>
<h2 id="rfp-see">RFP: See</h2>
<h2 id="rfq-see">RFQ: See</h2>
<h3 id="rft-see">RFT: See</h3>
<p>risk (business analysis): The effect of uncertainty on the value of a change, a solution, or the enterprise. See also risk assessment: Identifying, analyzing and evaluating risks.</p>
<h3 id="roi-see">ROI: See</h3>
<p>root cause: The cause of a problem having no deeper cause, usually one of several possible causes. root cause analysis: A structured examination of an identified problem to understand the underlying causes. <strong>s</strong> scope: The boundaries of control, change, a solution, or a need. scope model: A model that defines the boundaries of a business domain or solution. secondary actor: An actor external to the system under design that supports the execution of a use case. sequence diagram: A type of diagram that shows objects participating in interactions and the messages exchanged between them. service (business analysis): The performance of any duties or work for a stakeholder, from the perspective of the stakeholder.</p>
<h3 id="sipoc-see">SIPOC: See</h3>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-452">452</p>
</section></body>
</html>