<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Figure 5.5.1: Approve Requirements Input/Output Diagram</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_106">
<p>5.5.4 Elements</p>
<h2 id="figure-551-approve-requirements-inputoutput-diagram">Figure 5.5.1: Approve Requirements Input/Output Diagram</h2>
<h2 id="input">Input</h2>
<h2 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h2>
<h2 id="change-strategy">Change Strategy</h2>
<h2 id="designs">Designs</h2>
<h3 id="requirements">Requirements</h3>
<p><strong>(verified)</strong></p>
<h3 id="governance-approach">Governance Approach</h3>
<p><strong>5.5</strong></p>
<h2 id="legalregulatory">Legal/Regulatory</h2>
<h2 id="information">Information</h2>
<h2 id="output">Output</h2>
<h2 id="requirements-management">Requirements Management</h2>
<h2 id="toolsrepository">Tools/Repository</h2>
<h3 id="solution-scope">Solution Scope</h3>
<p><strong>5.5</strong></p>
<h3 id="requirements">Requirements</h3>
<p><strong>5.5</strong></p>
<h3 id="designs">Designs</h3>
<p><strong>(approved)</strong> <strong>(approved)</strong> <strong>5.5.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-understand-stakeholder-roles">.1 Understand Stakeholder Roles</h3>
<p>The approval process is defined by the task Plan Business Analysis Governance (p. 37). Part of defining the approval process is understanding stakeholder roles and authority levels. Business analysts are responsible for obtaining stakeholder approvals and are required to understand who holds decision-making responsibility and who possesses authority for sign-off across the initiative.</p>
<p>Business analysts also consider any influential stakeholders who should be consulted or informed about the requirements. Few stakeholders may have the authority to approve or deny changes, but many stakeholders may be able to influence these decisions.</p>
<h3 id="2-conflict-and-issue-management">.2 Conflict and Issue Management</h3>
<p>To maintain stakeholder support for the solution, consensus among stakeholders is usually sought prior to requesting approval of requirements. The approach for determining how to secure decisions and resolve conflicts across an initiative is planned for in the task Plan Business Analysis Governance (p. 37).</p>
<p>Stakeholder groups frequently have varying points of view and conflicting priorities. A conflict may arise among stakeholders as a result of different interpretations of requirements or designs and conflicting values placed on them.</p>
<p>The business analyst facilitates communication between stakeholders in areas of conflict so that each group has an improved appreciation for the needs of the others. Conflict resolution and issue management may occur quite often, as the business analyst is reviewing requirements and designs, and aiming to secure sign-off.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-96">96</p>
</section></body>
</html>