<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Brainstorming</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_171">
<p>7.6.7 Stakeholders</p>
<h3 id="brainstorming">• Brainstorming</h3>
<p>collaborative manner.</p>
<h3 id="business-cases">• Business Cases</h3>
<p>objectives.</p>
<h3 id="business-model-canvas">• Business Model Canvas</h3>
<p>initiatives.</p>
<h3 id="decision-analysis">• Decision Analysis</h3>
<p>options.</p>
<h3 id="estimation">• Estimation</h3>
<p>as a step towards estimating their value.</p>
<h3 id="financial-analysis">• Financial Analysis</h3>
<p>and choose the best possible return on investment.</p>
<h3 id="focus-groups">• Focus Groups</h3>
<p>meet the requirements, and to evaluate a targeted, small group of stakeholders’ value expectations.</p>
<h3 id="interviews">• Interviews</h3>
<p>the requirements, and to evaluate individual stakeholders’ value expectations.</p>
<h3 id="metrics-and-key-performance-indicators-kpis">• Metrics and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)</h3>
<p>the measurements used in defining value.</p>
<h3 id="risk-analysis-and-management">• Risk Analysis and Management</h3>
<p>could affect the potential value of the requirements.</p>
<h3 id="survey-or-questionnaire">• Survey or Questionnaire</h3>
<p>options best meet the requirements, and to identify stakeholders’ value expectations.</p>
<h3 id="swot-analysis">• SWOT Analysis</h3>
<p>impact the value of the solutions.</p>
<h3 id="workshops">• Workshops</h3>
<p>the requirements, and to evaluate stakeholders’ value expectations.</p>
<p><strong>7.6.7</strong></p>
<h2 id="stakeholders">Stakeholders</h2>
<h3 id="customer">• Customer</h3>
<p>solutions, and will be involved in analyzing the benefit of those requirements and costs of the design options.</p>
<h3 id="domain-subject-matter-expert">• Domain Subject Matter Expert</h3>
<p>knowledge to assist in analyzing potential value and benefits, particularly for those requirements where they are harder to identify.</p>
<h2 id="end-user">• End User</h2>
<h3 id="implementation-subject-matter-expert">• Implementation Subject Matter Expert</h3>
<p>expertise in implementing the design options in order to identify potential costs and risks.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-161">161</p>
</section></body>
</html>