<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_156">
<p>7.3.4 Elements <strong>7.3.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-identify-assumptions">.1 Identify Assumptions</h3>
<p>If an organization is launching an unprecedented product or service, it may be necessary to make assumptions about customer or stakeholder response, as there are no similar previous experiences on which to rely. In other cases, it may be difficult or impossible to prove that a particular problem derives from an identified root cause. Stakeholders may have assumed that certain benefits will result from the implementation of a requirement. These assumptions are identified and defined so that associated risks can be managed.</p>
<h3 id="2-define-measurable-evaluation-criteria">.2 Define Measurable Evaluation Criteria</h3>
<p>While the expected benefits are defined as part of the future state, the specific measurement criteria and evaluation process may not have been included.</p>
<p>Business analysts define the evaluation criteria that will be used to evaluate how successful the change has been after the solution is implemented. Baseline metrics might be established based on the current state. Target metrics can be developed to reflect the achievement of the business objectives or some other measurement of success.</p>
<h3 id="3-evaluate-alignment-with-solution-scope">.3 Evaluate Alignment with Solution Scope</h3>
<p>A requirement can be of benefit to a stakeholder and still not be a desirable part of a solution. A requirement that does not deliver benefit to a stakeholder is a strong candidate for elimination. When requirements do not align, either the future state must be re-evaluated and the solution scope changed, or the requirement removed from the solution scope.</p>
<p>If a design cannot be validated to support a requirement, there might be a missing or misunderstood requirement, or the design must change.</p>
<p><strong>7.3.5</strong></p>
<h2 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h2>
<h3 id="business-objectives">• Business Objectives</h3>
<p>benefits.</p>
<h3 id="future-state-description">• Future State Description</h3>
<p>the solution scope do help achieve the desired future state.</p>
<h3 id="potential-value">• Potential Value</h3>
<p>delivered by requirements can be assessed.</p>
<h3 id="solution-scope">• Solution Scope</h3>
<p>scope of the desired solution.</p>
<p><strong>7.3.6</strong></p>
<h3 id="acceptance-and-evaluation-criteria">• Acceptance and Evaluation Criteria</h3>
<p>must be met to achieve acceptance by a stakeholder.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-146">146</p>
</section></body>
</html>