<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.3 Effectiveness Measures</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_207">
<p>9.2.5 Adaptability this information must be organized and stored in an efficient manner so that it can be used and reused at a later date. Business analysts must also be able to differentiate important information that should be retained from less important information.</p>
<p>Effective time management requires the ability to prioritize tasks and deadlines.</p>
<p>Techniques of organization include establishing short- and long-term goals, action plans, prioritizing tasks, and utilizing a checklist. Techniques for effective time management include establishing time limits on non-critical tasks, focusing more time on high risk and priority tasks, setting aside focus time, and managing potential interruptions.</p>
<h3 id="3-effectiveness-measures">.3 Effectiveness Measures</h3>
<p>Measures of effective organization and time management include: • the ability to produce deliverables in a timely manner, • stakeholders feel that the business analyst focuses on the correct tasks at the right time, • schedule of work effort and deadlines is managed and communicated to stakeholders, • stakeholders feel their time in meetings and in reading communications is well spent, • complete preparation for meetings, interviews, and requirements workshops, • relevant business analysis information is captured, organized, and documented, • adherence to the project schedule and the meeting of deadlines, • provides accurate, thorough, and concise information in a logical manner which is understood by stakeholders, and • maintains up-to-date information on the status of each work item and all outstanding work.</p>
<p><strong>9.2.5</strong></p>
<h2 id="adaptability">Adaptability</h2>
<h3 id="1-purpose">.1 Purpose</h3>
<p>Business analysts frequently work in rapidly changing environments and with a variety of stakeholders. They adjust their behavioural style and method of approach to increase their effectiveness when interacting with different stakeholders, organizations, and situations.</p>
<h3 id="2-definition">.2 Definition</h3>
<p>Adaptability is the ability to change techniques, style, methods, and approach. By demonstrating a willingness to interact with and complete tasks in a manner</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-197">197</p>
</section></body>
</html>