<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Purpose</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_047">
<p>3.3 Plan Business Analysis Governance <strong>3.3</strong> <strong>3.3.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>The purpose of Plan Business Analysis Governance is to define how decisions are made about requirements and designs, including reviews, change control, approvals, and prioritization.</p>
<p><strong>3.3.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Business analysts ensure that a governance process is in place and clarify any ambiguities within it. A governance process identifies the decision makers, process, and information required for decisions to be made. A governance process describes how approvals and prioritization decisions are made for requirements and designs.</p>
<p>When planning the governance approach, business analysts identify: • how business analysis work will be approached and prioritized, • what the process for proposing a change to business analysis information is, • who has the authority and responsibility to propose changes and who should be involved in the change discussions, • who has responsibility for analyzing change requests, • who has the authority to approve changes, and • how changes will be documented and communicated.</p>
<p><strong>3.3.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="inputs">Inputs</h2>
<h3 id="business-analysis-approach">• Business Analysis Approach</h3>
<p>approach into the governance approach is necessary to ensure consistency across the approaches.</p>
<h3 id="stakeholder-engagement-approach">• Stakeholder Engagement Approach</h3>
<p>understanding their communication and collaboration needs is useful in determining their participation in the governance approach. The engagement approach may be updated based on the completion of the governance approach.</p>
</section></body>
</html>