<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.4 Treatment</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_342">
<p>10.38.4 Usage Considerations</p>
<h3 id="4-treatment">.4 Treatment</h3>
<p>Some risks may be acceptable, but for other risks it may be necessary to take measures to reduce the risk.</p>
<p>One or more approaches for dealing with a risk may be considered, and any combination of approaches could be used to address a risk: ensure that the risk does not occur. third party. negative consequences if the risk does occur. workaround will be developed at that time.</p>
<p>Once the approach for dealing with a specific risk is selected, a risk response plan is developed and assigned to a risk owner with responsibility and authority for that risk. In the case of risk avoidance, the risk owner takes steps to ensure that the probability or the impact of the risk is reduced to nil. For those risks which cannot be reduced to nil, the risk owner is responsible for monitoring the risk, and for implementing a risk mitigation plan.</p>
<p>The risk is re-analyzed to determine the residual risk which is the new probability and new impact as a result of the measures taken to modify the risk. There could be a cost-benefit analysis done to determine if the cost and effort of the measures reduces the level of risk enough to make it worthwhile. The risks may be re-evaluated in terms of the residual risk.</p>
<p>Stakeholders should be informed of the plans for modifying the risks.</p>
<p><strong>10.38.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• Can be applied to strategic risks which affect long-term value of the enterprise, tactical risks which affect the value of a change, and operational risks which affect the value of a solution once the change is made.</p>
<p>• An organization typically faces similar challenges on many of its initiatives. The successful risk responses on one initiative can be useful lessons learned for other initiatives.</p>
<p>• The risk level of a change or of a solution could vary over time. Ongoing risk management helps to recognize that variation, and to re-evaluate the risks and the suitability of the planned responses.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-332">332</p>
</section></body>
</html>