<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Figure 10.43.3: RACI Matrix</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_357">
<p>10.43.4 Usage Considerations</p>
<h2 id="figure-10433-raci-matrix">Figure 10.43.3: RACI Matrix</h2>
<h2 id="change-request-process">Change Request Process</h2>
<h2 id="raci">RACI</h2>
<h2 id="a">A</h2>
<h2 id="executive-sponsor">Executive Sponsor</h2>
<h2 id="r">R</h2>
<h2 id="business-analyst">Business Analyst</h2>
<h2 id="c">C</h2>
<h2 id="project-manager">Project Manager</h2>
<h2 id="c">C</h2>
<h2 id="developer">Developer</h2>
<h2 id="i">I</h2>
<h2 id="tester">Tester</h2>
<h2 id="i">I</h2>
<h2 id="trainer">Trainer</h2>
<h2 id="c">C</h2>
<h2 id="application-architect">Application Architect</h2>
<h2 id="c">C</h2>
<h2 id="data-modeller">Data Modeller</h2>
<h2 id="c">C</h2>
<h2 id="database-analyst-dba">Database Analyst (DBA)</h2>
<h2 id="c">C</h2>
<h2 id="infrastructure-analyst">Infrastructure Analyst</h2>
<h2 id="r">R</h2>
<h2 id="business-architect">Business Architect</h2>
<h2 id="c">C</h2>
<h2 id="information-architect">Information Architect</h2>
<h2 id="c">C</h2>
<h2 id="solution-owner">Solution Owner</h2>
<h2 id="c">C</h2>
<h2 id="subject-matter-expert-sme">Subject Matter Expert (SME)</h2>
<h2 id="r">R</h2>
<h2 id="c">C</h2>
<h2 id="i">I</h2>
<h3 id="other-stakeholders">Other Stakeholders</h3>
<p>(varies)</p>
<h3 id="4-personas">.4 Personas</h3>
<p>A persona is defined as a fictional character or archetype that exemplifies the way a typical user interacts with a product. Personas are helpful when there is a desire to understand the needs held by a group or class of users. Although the user groups are fictional, they are built to represent actual users. Research is conducted to understand the user group, and the personas are then created based upon knowledge rather than opinion. A number of elicitation techniques can be utilized to conduct this research. Interviews and surveys/questionnaires are two techniques commonly used to elicit this information. The persona is written in narrative form and focuses on providing insight into the goals of the group.</p>
<p>This allows the reader to see the story from the point of view of the stakeholder group. Personas help bring the user to life, which in turn makes the needs feel real to those who design and build solutions.</p>
<p><strong>10.43.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• Identifies the specific people who must be engaged in requirements elicitation activities.</p>
<p>• Helps the business analyst plan collaboration, communication, and facilitation activities to engage all stakeholder groups.</p>
<p>• Useful to understand changes in impacted groups over time.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-347">347</p>
</section></body>
</html>