<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.3 Determine Value</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_169">
<p><strong>.2 Expected Costs</strong> Expected costs include any potential negative value associated with a solution, including the cost to acquire the solution, any negative effects it may have on stakeholders, and the cost to maintain it over time.</p>
<p>Expected costs can include: • timeline, • maintenance costs, • effort, • physical resources, • operating costs, • information resources, and • purchase and/or implementation • human resources. costs, Expected costs for a design option consider the cumulative costs of the design components.</p>
<p>Business analysts also consider opportunity cost when estimating the expected cost of a change achieved if the resources, time, and funds devoted to one design option had been allocated to another design option. The opportunity cost of any design option is equal to the value of the best alternative not selected.</p>
<h3 id="3-determine-value">.3 Determine Value</h3>
<p>The potential value of a solution to a stakeholder is based on the benefits delivered by that solution and the associated costs. Value can be positive (if the benefits exceed the costs) or negative (if the costs exceed the benefits).</p>
<p>Business analysts consider potential value from the points of view of stakeholders.</p>
<p>Value to the enterprise is almost always more heavily weighted than value for any individual stakeholder groups. There might be increases in value for one set of stakeholders and decreases in value for another set, but an overall positive increase in value for the enterprise as a whole justifies proceeding with the change.</p>
<p>Potential value is uncertain value. There are always events or conditions that could increase or decrease the actual value if they occur. Many changes are proposed in terms of intangible or uncertain benefits, while costs are described as tangible, absolute, and might grow. When benefits are described as intangible and costs expressed as tangible, it may be difficult for decision makers to compare their options. Business analysts define a complete estimate of the purpose-driven and monetary effects of a proposed change by considering the tangible and intangible costs alongside the tangible and intangible benefits. The estimate of costs and benefits must take into account the degree of uncertainty pertaining at the time the estimates are made.</p>
<h3 id="4-assess-design-options-and-recommend-solution">.4 Assess Design Options and Recommend Solution</h3>
<p>Each design option is assessed based on the potential value it is expected to deliver. At any point in analyzing the design options, it may become necessary to re-evaluate the initial allocation of design elements between components. The</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-159">159</p>
</section></body>
</html>