<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Business Rules Analysis (p. 240)</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_416">
<p>requirements. For some change initiatives, the definition of non-functional requirements could define all business goals for the change effort.</p>
<p>Business analysts often rely on other change agents to produce technical designs for software solutions. A systems architect, programmer, database manager, or other technical expert is often needed to determine how to use technology to satisfy a set of requirements. IT business analysts define process steps, business rules, screen flows, and report layouts. Defining requirements to include detailed functionality of a system, the business, and system processes is a crucial part of solution design and does not separate analysis and design.</p>
<p>As part of requirements analysis, an IT business analyst may partner with another business analyst with a different focus, such as an enterprise business analyst or business architect, to ensure that the IT requirements align to business or organizational strategy.</p>
<p>Requirements analysis and design definition frequently involves documenting requirements using words and pictures. In some cases, requirements may be represented in other ways such as a proof of concept, working software prototypes, or simulations. In all cases, the business analyst works to produce documentation with sufficient and appropriate details for: • the business to verify and validate the requirements, • the developers to design from, and • the testers to measure the solution against before it is implemented into a production environment.</p>
<h2 id="business-rules-analysis-p-240">• Business Rules Analysis (p. 240)</h2>
<h3 id="non-functional-requirements">• Non-Functional Requirements</h3>
<p>Analysis (p. 302)</p>
<h2 id="data-dictionary-p-247">• Data Dictionary (p. 247)</h2>
<h2 id="organizational-modelling-p-308">• Organizational Modelling (p. 308)</h2>
<h2 id="data-flow-diagrams-p-250">• Data Flow Diagrams (p. 250)</h2>
<h2 id="process-modelling-p-318">• Process Modelling (p. 318)</h2>
<h3 id="data-modelling-p-256">• Data Modelling (p. 256)</h3>
<p>• Prototyping (p. 323)</p>
<h3 id="decision-analysis-p-261">• Decision Analysis (p. 261)</h3>
<p>• Reviews (p. 326)</p>
<h2 id="decision-modelling-p-265">• Decision Modelling (p. 265)</h2>
<h2 id="roles-and-permissions-matrix">• Roles and Permissions Matrix</h2>
<h3 id="document-analysis-p-269">• Document Analysis (p. 269)</h3>
<p>(p. 333) • Estimation (p. 271)</p>
<h2 id="scope-modelling-p-338">• Scope Modelling (p. 338)</h2>
<h2 id="functional-decomposition-p-283">• Functional Decomposition (p. 283)</h2>
<h3 id="sequence-diagrams-p-341">• Sequence Diagrams (p. 341)</h3>
<p>• Glossary (p. 286)</p>
<h2 id="state-modelling-p-348">• State Modelling (p. 348)</h2>
<h2 id="interface-analysis-p-287">• Interface Analysis (p. 287)</h2>
<h2 id="use-cases-and-scenarios-p-356">• Use Cases and Scenarios (p. 356)</h2>
<h2 id="user-stories-p-359">• User Stories (p. 359)</h2>
<h3 id="6-solution-evaluation">.6 Solution Evaluation</h3>
<p>Solution evaluation focuses on solution components and the value they provide.</p>
<p>Within an IT context, this includes a focus on the interactions between multiple</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-406">406</p>
</section></body>
</html>