<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_272">
<p>10.16.3 Elements Decision analysis approaches use the following activities: 1. addressed.</p>
<p>2.</p>
<p>3. alternatives. An agreement of evaluation criteria can also be determined at the beginning of this activity.</p>
<p>4. making the decision choose which alternative will be implemented based on the decision analysis results.</p>
<p>5.</p>
<p>There are a number of decision analysis tools available to assist the business analyst and decision makers in making objective decisions. Some of the tools and techniques are best for deciding between two alternatives, while others handle multiple alternatives.</p>
<p>Some general decision analysis tools and techniques include: • pro versus con considerations, • force field analysis, • decision tables, • decision trees, • comparison analysis, • analytical hierarchy process (AHP), • totally-partially-not (TPN), • multi-criteria decision analysis (MCDA), and • computer-based simulations and algorithms.</p>
<p><strong>10.16.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-components-of-decision-analysis">.1 Components of Decision Analysis</h3>
<p>General components of decision analysis include: decision question or problem is about. decision.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-262">262</p>
</section></body>
</html>