<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Within the Requirements Life Cycle Management knowledge area, the concept of</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_085">
<p>The Requirements Life Cycle Management knowledge area describes the tasks that business analysts perform in order to manage and maintain requirements and design information from inception to retirement. These tasks describe establishing meaningful relationships between related requirements and designs, assessing changes to requirements and designs when changes are proposed, and analyzing and gaining consensus on changes.</p>
<p>The purpose of requirements life cycle management is to ensure that business, stakeholder, and solution requirements and designs are aligned to one another and that the solution implements them. It involves a level of control over requirements and over how requirements will be implemented in the actual solution to be constructed and delivered. It also helps to ensure that business analysis information is available for future use.</p>
<p>The requirements life cycle: • begins with the representation of a business need as a requirement, • continues through the development of a solution, and • ends when a solution and the requirements that represent it are retired.</p>
<p>The management of requirements does not end once a solution is implemented.</p>
<p>Throughout the life of a solution, requirements continue to provide value when they are managed appropriately.</p>
<h3 id="within-the-requirements-life-cycle-management-knowledge-area-the-concept-of">Within the Requirements Life Cycle Management knowledge area, the concept of</h3>
<p>a life cycle is separate from a methodology or process used to govern business analysis work. Life cycle refers to the existence of various phases or states that requirements pass through as part of any change. Requirements may be in multiple states at one time.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-75">75</p>
</section></body>
</html>