<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>&amp; Design Definition</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_110">
<p><strong>Figure 6.0.1: Business Analysis Value Spectrum</strong></p>
<p><strong>Requirements Analysis</strong></p>
<h2 id="design-definition">&amp; Design Definition</h2>
<h2 id="potential">Potential</h2>
<h3 id="actual">Actual</h3>
<p>Need</p>
<h2 id="solution">Solution</h2>
<h2 id="scope">Scope</h2>
<h2 id="requirements">Requirements</h2>
<h2 id="design">Design</h2>
<h2 id="proof-of-concept">Proof of Concept/</h2>
<h2 id="prototype">Prototype</h2>
<h2 id="pilotbeta">Pilot/Beta</h2>
<h3 id="operating">Operating</h3>
<p>When performing strategy analysis, business analysts must consider the context in which they are working, and how predictable the range of possible outcomes is. When a change will have a predictable outcome, the future state and possible transition states can typically be clearly defined, and a clear strategy can be planned out. If the outcome of a change is difficult to predict, the strategy may need to focus more on mitigating risk, testing assumptions, and changing course until a strategy that will succeed in reaching the business goals can be identified or until the initiative has ended. These tasks may be performed in any order, though they are often performed concurrently, as strategy must be shaped by what is actually achievable.</p>
<p>A strategy may be captured in a strategic plan, product vision, business case, product roadmap, or other artifacts.</p>
<p>The Strategy Analysis knowledge area includes the following tasks: to the way the enterprise functions today. Sets a baseline and context for change. that the business need has been satisfied and defines what parts of the enterprise need to change in order to meet those goals and objectives. the effect those uncertainties may have on the ability to deliver value through a change, and recommends actions to address risks where appropriate. future state, assesses options for achieving the future state, and recommends the highest value approach for reaching the future state including any transition states that may be required along the way.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-100">100</p>
</section></body>
</html>