<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.2 Depth of Change</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_392">
<p>The business intelligence promotes an enterprise-wide view of information management. To support that conceptual framework, a business intelligence initiative may also involve the development of infrastructure services in the organization, such as data governance and metadata management.</p>
<h3 id="2-depth-of-change">.2 Depth of Change</h3>
<p>Business intelligence initiatives focus on the information needed to support decision making at, or across, different levels within the organization: Where information needs are initially expressed or identified at a particular level, the business analyst investigates the business implications at other levels to assess the overall impact of the change on the organization.</p>
<p>At each level, the business needs may involve any or all of the following: • communication requirements for the development of new reporting or the replacement of existing reporting, • information requirements for the addition or extension of analytic functionality, and/or • data integration requirements for the construction or modification of the enterprise data view with regard to data sources, definitions, transformation rules and quality issues.</p>
<h3 id="3-value-and-solutions-delivered">.3 Value and Solutions Delivered</h3>
<p>The value of a business intelligence initiative is in its ability to provide timely, accurate, high value, and actionable information to those people and systems who can use it effectively in making business decisions.</p>
<p>Better informed decision making at all levels can lead to improved business performance in: • strategic processes such as market analysis, customer engagement, and product development, • tactical processes such as stock control and financial planning, and • operational processes such as credit assessment, fault detection, and accounts payable monitoring.</p>
<p>These improvements in an organization’s current and future performance may be realized as increased revenues and reduced costs.</p>
<h3 id="4-delivery-approach">.4 Delivery Approach</h3>
<p>A business intelligence solution presents a range of delivery options to meet the emerging information needs of stakeholders and the priorities of the organization.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-382">382</p>
</section></body>
</html>