<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.5 Major Assumptions</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_437">
<p>11.5.2 Business Analysis Scope automate BPM activities. Often the organization's processes are required to be changed to match the automated approach.</p>
<p>Process improvement approaches can be categorized in terms of their point of origin and whether their solutions are primarily organizational (people-based) or technological (IT-based). Organizations can better understand the process improvement methodology, as mentioned in the previous paragraph, to apply based on the following organizing principles: control by senior management and have organization spanning implications, targeted at end-to-end processes or major parts of the business. individual processes and departmental workflows, or sub-processes in smaller parts of the organization. and workflows in an organization.</p>
<h3 id="5-major-assumptions">.5 Major Assumptions</h3>
<p>The following is a list of major assumptions from the BPM discipline: • Processes are generally supported by information technology systems, but the development of those systems is not covered by most BPM methods.</p>
<p>Business analysts may suggest additional business requirements based on existing IT systems.</p>
<p>• BPM initiatives have senior management support. The business analyst may be involved in suggesting additional business requirements based on organizational strategies.</p>
<p>• BPM systems require a tight integration with organizational strategy but most methods do not tackle the development of strategy which is outside the scope of this perspective.</p>
<p>• BPM initiatives are cross-functional and end-to-end in the organization.</p>
<p><strong>11.5.2</strong></p>
<h2 id="business-analysis-scope">Business Analysis Scope</h2>
<h3 id="1-change-sponsor">.1 Change Sponsor</h3>
<p>Enterprise-wide BPM initiatives are typically started by executives focusing on value and outcomes and then linking these strategic objectives to the corresponding business processes which most closely support the objectives.</p>
<p>BPM initiatives are frequently triggered by an external situation which generates a business need. Enterprise business analysis practices are applied to develop a business case for a BPM initiative.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-427">427</p>
</section></body>
</html>