<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Change Scope</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_419">
<p>11.4.1 Change Scope <strong>11.4.1</strong></p>
<h2 id="change-scope">Change Scope</h2>
<h3 id="1-breadth-of-change">.1 Breadth of Change</h3>
<p>Business architecture may be performed: • across the enterprise as a whole, • across a single line of business within the enterprise (defining the architecture of one of the enterprise's business models), or • across a single functional division.</p>
<p>Business architecture activities are generally performed with a view of the entire enterprise in mind, but may also be performed for an autonomous business unit within the enterprise. A broad scope is required to manage consistency and integration at the enterprise level. For example, business architecture can clarify a situation where the same business capability is implemented by multiple different processes and multiple different organizations using different information models. Given the clarity that comes from an enterprise scope, the business can then determine if this structure is the best way to align with strategic objectives.</p>
<h3 id="2-depth-of-change">.2 Depth of Change</h3>
<p>A business architecture effort may focus on the executive level of the enterprise to support strategic decision making, or on the management level to support the execution of initiatives.</p>
<p>While business architecture provides important context, it does not usually operate at the operational decision or process level; instead, it assesses processes at the level of the value stream.</p>
<h3 id="3-value-and-solutions-delivered">.3 Value and Solutions Delivered</h3>
<p>Business architecture, using the principle of separation of concerns, develops models that decompose the business system, solution, or organization into individual elements with specific functions and shows the interactions between them.</p>
<p>The elements of business architecture models include: • capabilities, • value, • processes, • information and data, • organization, • reporting and management, • stakeholders, • security strategies, and • outcomes.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-409">409</p>
</section></body>
</html>