<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Item Tracking</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_304">
<p>10.26 Item Tracking</p>
<p>Item Tracking <strong>10.26</strong></p>
<h3 id="item-tracking">Item Tracking</h3>
<p><strong>10.26.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>Item tracking is used to capture and assign responsibility for issues and stakeholder concerns that pose an impact to the solution.</p>
<p><strong>10.26.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Item tracking is an organized approach used by business analysts to address stakeholder concerns. Stakeholders may identify such item types as actions, assumptions, constraints, dependencies, defects, enhancements, and issues.</p>
<p>When a stakeholder concern is first raised, it is assessed to determine if it is viable.</p>
<p>If viable, the concern is classified as a specific item type so that it can be better tracked and controlled by a process that works towards the item’s closure. During its life cycle, an item is assigned to one or more stakeholders who are responsible for its resolution.</p>
<p>Item tracking tracks the item from the initial recording of the concern and its degree of impact to its agreed-upon closure. The item tracking record may be shared with stakeholders to ensure transparency and visibility into the status and progress of items in the record.</p>
<p><strong>10.26.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-item-record">.1 Item Record</h3>
<p>Each recorded item may contain all or any of the following attributes for item tracking. These items may be recorded using various software applications or manually catalogued for sharing between an agreed set of stakeholders. another. resolution due date. Impact can be assessed in relation to the initiative’s time, cost, scope, or quality.</p>
</section></body>
</html>