<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>chapter_459</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_459">
<p>organizational capability: A function inside the enterprise, made up of components such as processes, technologies, and information and used by organizations to achieve their goals. organizational change management: See organization modelling: The analysis technique used to describe roles, responsibilities and reporting structures that exist within an enterprise. organizational unit: Any recognized association of people within an organization or enterprise. <strong>p</strong> peer review: A formal or informal review of a work product to identify errors or opportunities for improvement. See also plan: A detailed scheme for doing or achieving something usually comprising a set of events, dependencies, expected sequence, schedule, results or outcomes, materials and resources needed, and how stakeholders need to be involved. policy: See predictive approach: An approach where planning and baselines are established early in the life cycle of the initiative in order to maximize control and minimize risk. prioritization: Determining the relative importance of a set of items in order to determine the order in which they will be addressed. process: A set of activities designed to accomplish a specific objective by taking one or more defined inputs and turning them into defined outputs. process model: A set of diagrams and supporting information about a process and factors that could influence the process. Some process models are used to simulate the performance of the process. product (business analysis): A solution or component of a solution that is the result of an initiative. product backlog: A set of user stories, requirements, or features that have been identified as candidates for potential implementation, prioritized, and estimated. product scope: See product vision statement: A brief statement or paragraph that describes the goals of the solution and how it supports the strategy of the organization or enterprise. project: A temporary endeavour undertaken to create a unique product, service, or result. project manager: A stakeholder who is responsible for managing the work required to deliver a solution that meets a business need, and for ensuring that the project's objectives are met while balancing the project constraints,</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-449">449</p>
</section></body>
</html>