<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.3 Prototyping Methods</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_335">
<p>10.36.4 Usage Considerations</p>
<p>Prototyping level in order to identify gaps or inconsistencies in the possible solution of the properties (for example, appearance, configuration). interacts with the system without including any of the properties (for example, appearance, configuration). the solution without modelling the complete functionality. qualities of the system for the user (for example, appearance), and workflow. It is also referred to as a working model and is used both to simulate business processes and business rules and to evaluate software function calls.</p>
<h3 id="3-prototyping-methods">.3 Prototyping Methods</h3>
<p>The following is a list of commonly used methods for prototyping: activities by summing up different user interactions with the solution or enterprise. performed and usually focuses solely on the human aspect.</p>
<p>It may test various processes, scenarios, business rules, data, and inputs.</p>
<p><strong>10.36.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• Provides a visual representation for the future state.</p>
<p>• Allows for stakeholders to provide input and feedback early in the design process.</p>
<p>• When using throw-away or paper prototyping methods, users may feel more comfortable being critical of the mock-up because it is not polished and release-ready.</p>
<p>• A narrow yet deep vertical prototype can be used for technical feasibility studies, proof of concept efforts, or to uncover technology and process gaps.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• If the system or process is highly complex, the prototyping process may become bogged down with discussion of 'how' rather than 'what', which can make the process take considerable time, effort, and facilitation skill.</p>
<p>• Underlying technology may need to be understood or assumed in order to initiate prototyping.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-325">325</p>
</section></body>
</html>