<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Guidelines and Tools</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_045">
<p>3.2.5 Guidelines and Tools • geographic location of stakeholders who will receive communications, • level of detail appropriate for the communication and stakeholder, and • level of formality of communications.</p>
<p>Communication considerations can be documented in the form of a stakeholder communication plan. Business analysts build and review communication plans with stakeholders to ensure their communication requirements and expectations are met.</p>
<p><strong>3.2.5</strong></p>
<h3 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h3>
<h2 id="business-analysis-performance-assessment">• Business Analysis Performance Assessment</h2>
<p>assessments that should be reviewed and incorporated.</p>
<h3 id="change-strategy">• Change Strategy</h3>
<p>the development of more effective stakeholder engagement strategies.</p>
<h3 id="current-state-description">• Current State Description</h3>
<p>to be completed. This information will lead to more effective stakeholder analysis and better understanding of the impact of the desired change.</p>
<p><strong>3.2.6</strong></p>
<h3 id="brainstorming">• Brainstorming</h3>
<p>roles and responsibilities.</p>
<h3 id="business-rules-analysis">• Business Rules Analysis</h3>
<p>of the business rules.</p>
<h3 id="document-analysis">• Document Analysis</h3>
<p>assist in planning stakeholder engagement.</p>
<h3 id="interviews">• Interviews</h3>
<p>information or knowledge about stakeholder groups.</p>
<h3 id="lessons-learned">• Lessons Learned</h3>
<p>successes and challenges) with planning stakeholder engagement.</p>
<h3 id="mind-mapping">• Mind Mapping</h3>
<p>the relationships between them.</p>
<h3 id="organizational-modelling">• Organizational Modelling</h3>
<p>people listed have any unique needs and interests that should be considered.</p>
<p>Organizational models describe the roles and functions in the organization and the ways in which stakeholders interact which can help to identify stakeholders who will be affected by a change.</p>
<h3 id="process-modelling">• Process Modelling</h3>
<p>support their business processes.</p>
<h3 id="risk-analysis-and-management">• Risk Analysis and Management</h3>
<p>resulting from stakeholder attitudes or the inability of key stakeholders to participate in the initiative.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-35">35</p>
</section></body>
</html>