<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>.5 Transition States and Release Planning</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_139">
<p>6.4.5 Guidelines and Tools but if the investment is unbearable ("they just can't afford the change") the enterprise may pass on the opportunity, and invest in something else.</p>
<p>The potential value, including the details of the expected benefit and costs, are key components to making a business case for the change. Relating descriptions of potential value to measures of actual value currently being achieved enables stakeholders to understand the expected change in value. While every change facilitated by business analysts is intended to increase value, some changes decrease value in parts of an enterprise while increasing it in others.</p>
<h3 id="5-transition-states-and-release-planning">.5 Transition States and Release Planning</h3>
<p>In many cases, the future state will need to be achieved over time rather than through a single change, meaning that the enterprise will have to operate in one or more transition states. Release planning is concerned with determining which requirements to include in each release, phase, or iteration of the change.</p>
<p>Business analysts help facilitate release planning discussions to help stakeholders reach decisions. There are many factors that guide these decisions, such as the overall budget, deadlines or time constraints, resource constraints, training schedules, and the ability of the business to absorb changes within a defined time frame. There may be organizational restraints or policies that must be adhered to in any implementation. Business analysts assist in planning the timing of the implementation in order to cause minimal disruption to business activities, and to ensure all parties understand the impact to the organization.</p>
<p><strong>6.4.5</strong></p>
<h2 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h2>
<h3 id="business-analysis-approach">• Business Analysis Approach</h3>
<p>change strategy.</p>
<h3 id="design-options">• Design Options</h3>
<p>option will come with its own set of change challenges and the change strategy will be impacted by the option selected as well as the specific change approach that will be used.</p>
<h3 id="solution-recommendations">• Solution Recommendations</h3>
<p>pursued in order to achieve the future state, which includes the recommendations of various subject matter experts (SMEs), helps the business analyst determine the types of changes to the organization.</p>
<p><strong>6.4.6</strong></p>
<h3 id="balanced-scorecard">• Balanced Scorecard</h3>
<p>the effectiveness of the change strategy.</p>
<h3 id="benchmarking-and-market-analysis">• Benchmarking and Market Analysis</h3>
<p>change strategy is appropriate.</p>
<h3 id="brainstorming">• Brainstorming</h3>
<p>strategies.</p>
<h3 id="business-capability-analysis">• Business Capability Analysis</h3>
<p>value and risk.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-129">129</p>
</section></body>
</html>