<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_337">
<p>10.37.3 Elements</p>
<p>Reviews <strong>10.37.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-objectives">.1 Objectives</h3>
<p>Objectives are clearly communicated to all participants prior to the review.</p>
<p>Objectives may include one or more goals, for example: • to remove defects, • to ensure conformance to specifications or standards, • to ensure the work product is complete and correct, • to establish consensus on an approach or solution, • to answer a question, resolve an issue, or explore alternatives, • to educate reviewers about the work product, and • to measure work product quality.</p>
<h3 id="2-techniques">.2 Techniques</h3>
<p>Reviews can be formal or informal. The techniques used during a review are selected to support the objectives of the review.</p>
<p>The following techniques are commonly used by business analysts when conducting reviews: product, individual review, logging the defects, team consolidation of defects, and follow-up to ensure changes were made. The focus is to remove defects and create a high quality work product. While usually performed by peers, it can also be used for stakeholder reviews. technique that uses the individual review and team consolidation activities often seen in inspection. Walkthroughs are used for peer reviews and for stakeholder reviews. technique focused on either one issue or a standard in which reviewers perform a careful examination of the work product prior to a joint review session held to resolve the matter in focus. analyst runs through the work product in its draft state and solicits feedback. Reviewers may do minimal preparation before the joint review session. involved in the creation of the work product provides verbal or written feedback. verbal or written feedback. The work product may be reviewed in a common copy of the work product or passed from one person to the next.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-327">327</p>
</section></body>
</html>