<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Figure 1.1.1: Business Analysis Beyond Projects</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_012">
<p>1.2 What is Business Analysis?</p>
<p>What is Business Analysis?</p>
<p>Solution Evaluation) describe the practice of business analysis as it is applied within the boundaries of a project or throughout enterprise evolution and continuous improvement. The following image shows how three of the knowledge areas support the delivery of business value before, during, and after the life cycle of a project.</p>
<h2 id="figure-111-business-analysis-beyond-projects">Figure 1.1.1: Business Analysis Beyond Projects</h2>
<h2 id="project">Project</h2>
<h2 id="pre-project">Pre-Project</h2>
<h2 id="post-project">Post-Project</h2>
<h2 id="project">Project</h2>
<h2 id="rationale">Rationale</h2>
<h2 id="delivery">Delivery</h2>
<h2 id="benefits">Benefits</h2>
<h3 id="radd">RADD</h3>
<p><strong>1.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="what-is-business-analysis">What is Business Analysis?</h3>
<p>Business analysis is the practice of enabling change in an enterprise by defining needs and recommending solutions that deliver value to stakeholders. Business analysis enables an enterprise to articulate needs and the rationale for change, and to design and describe solutions that can deliver value.</p>
<p>Business analysis is performed on a variety of initiatives within an enterprise.</p>
<p>Initiatives may be strategic, tactical, or operational. Business analysis may be performed within the boundaries of a project or throughout enterprise evolution and continuous improvement. It can be used to understand the current state, to define the future state, and to determine the activities required to move from the current to the future state.</p>
<p>Business analysis can be performed from a diverse array of perspectives. The intelligence, information technology, business architecture, and business process management. A perspective can be thought of as a lens through which the business analysis practitioner views their work activities based on the current context. One or many perspectives may apply to an initiative, and the perspectives outlined in the analysis or the complete set of business analysis disciplines.</p>
<p><strong>1.3</strong> <strong>Who is a Business Analyst?</strong></p>
<p>A business analyst is any person who performs business analysis tasks described in the analysts are responsible for discovering, synthesizing, and analyzing information</p>
</section></body>
</html>