<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>chapter_461</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_461">
<p>requirements allocation: The process of assigning requirements to be implemented by specific solution components. requirements architecture: The requirements of an initiative and the interrelationships between these requirements. requirements artifact: A business analysis artifact containing information about requirements such as a diagram, matrix, document or model. requirements defect: A problem or error in a requirement. Defects may occur because a requirement is poor quality (see because it does not describe a need that, if met, would provide value to stakeholders (see requirements document: See requirements life cycle: The stages through which a requirement progresses from inception to retirement. requirements management: Planning, executing, monitoring, and controlling any or all of the work associated with requirements elicitation and collaboration, requirements analysis and design, and requirements life cycle management. requirements management plan: A subset of the business analysis plan for a specific change initiative, describing specific tools, activities, and roles and responsibilities that will be used on the initiative to manage the requirements. See requirements management tool: Special-purpose software that provides support for any combination of the following capabilities: elicitation and collaboration, requirements modelling and/or specification, requirements traceability, versioning and baselining, attribute definition for tracking and monitoring, document generation, and requirements change control. requirements model: An abstract (usually graphical) representation of some aspect of the current or future state. requirements package: A specialized form of a business analysis package primarily concerned with requirements. A requirements package may represent a baseline of a collection of requirements. requirements traceability: The ability for tracking the relationships between sets of requirements and designs from the original stakeholder need to the actual implemented solution. Traceability supports change control by ensuring that the source of a requirement or design can be identified and other related requirements and designs potentially affected by a change are known. requirements validation: Work done to evaluate requirements to ensure they support the delivery of the expected benefits and are within the solution scope. requirements verification: Work done to evaluate requirements to ensure they are defined correctly and are at an acceptable level of quality. It ensures the requirements are sufficiently defined and structured so that the solution</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-451">451</p>
</section></body>
</html>