<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Refer to the</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_385">
<p><strong>.2 Techniques</strong> The following table lists techniques commonly used within agile approaches.</p>
<h3 id="refer-to-the">Refer to the</h3>
<p>of these techniques.</p>
<h2 id="table-1112-techniques-used-within-agile-approaches">Table 11.1.2: Techniques used within Agile Approaches</h2>
<h2 id="technique">Technique</h2>
<h2 id="brief-description">Brief Description</h2>
<h2 id="behaviour-driven">Behaviour Driven</h2>
<h3 id="development">Development</h3>
<p>(BDD) An approach that enhances the communication between stakeholders and team members by expressing product needs as concrete examples.</p>
<h3 id="kano-analysis">Kano Analysis</h3>
<p>A technique for understanding which product features will help drive customer satisfaction.</p>
<h2 id="lightweight">Lightweight</h2>
<h3 id="documentation">Documentation</h3>
<p>A principle that governs all documentation produced on an agile project. The purpose is to ensure that all documentation is intended to fulfill an impending need, has clear value for stakeholders, and does not create unnecessary overhead. For example, a system overview document may be written towards the end of a project based on stable content and acceptance tests written as part of the product testing.</p>
<h3 id="moscow">MoSCoW</h3>
<p>A method to prioritize stories (or other elements) in incremental and iterative approaches. MoSCoW (must have, should have, could have, won’t have) provides a way to reach a common understanding on relative importance of delivering a story or other piece of value in the product.</p>
<h3 id="personas">Personas</h3>
<p>Fictional characters or archetypes that exemplify the way that typical users interact with a product.</p>
<h2 id="planning">Planning</h2>
<h3 id="workshop">Workshop</h3>
<p>A collaborative workshop that is used to allow an agile team to determine what value can be delivered over a time period such as a release.</p>
<h2 id="purpose">Purpose</h2>
<h3 id="alignment-model">Alignment Model</h3>
<p>A model that is used to assess ideas in the context of customer and value.</p>
<h3 id="real-options">Real Options</h3>
<p>An approach to help people know when to make decisions rather than how.</p>
<h2 id="relative">Relative</h2>
<h3 id="estimation">Estimation</h3>
<p>Team estimation techniques using either story points, which represent the relative complexity of a user story to develop, or ideal days, which represent the amount of total effort a story would take to develop.</p>
<h3 id="retrospectives">Retrospectives</h3>
<p>A similar term for the Lesson Learned technique.</p>
<p>Retrospectives focus on continuous improvement of the teamwork process and are held after every iteration on agile projects.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-375">375</p>
</section></body>
</html>