<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Agile Perspective</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_404">
<p>11.3 The Information Technology Perspective <strong>11.3</strong> The Information Technology Perspective highlights the characteristics of business analysis when undertaken from the point of view of the impact of the change on information technology systems.</p>
<p>This perspective focuses on non-agile approaches to IT initiatives.</p>
<p>When working in the information technology (IT) discipline, business analysts deal with a wide range of complexity and scope of activities. Initiatives may be as small as minor bug fixes and enhancements, or as large as re-engineering the entire information technology infrastructure for an extended enterprise. Business analysts are called upon to work with this diverse level of knowledge and skills among stakeholders to deliver valuable solutions to their IT needs.</p>
<p>Being able to effectively articulate the business' vision and needs to technical stakeholders is central to the success of a business analyst in the information technology discipline. Business analysts proactively collaborate with both the business stakeholders and development teams to ensure that needs are understood and aligned with organizational strategy. A business analyst frequently plays the role of the translator who helps business and technology stakeholders understand each other's needs, constraints, and context. The concept of solution design is appropriate in a technology context, and from the IT business analyst’s point of view. However, the term 'design', when discussed within an IT setting, is generally assumed to mean 'technical design' or the utilization of technologies to solve business problems. Business analysts within an IT context define and elaborate solution requirements or participate in solution design with business stakeholders while maintaining a separation with technical design.</p>
<p>For information regarding agile approaches within information technology initiatives, see The</p>
<h3 id="agile-perspective">Agile Perspective</h3>
<p>(p. 368).</p>
<h3 id="important">Important</h3>
<p>In IT contexts, the term 'design' has traditionally been reserved for solution or technical design performed by developers, IT architects, or solution architects. All work done by IT business analysts is covered by the term 'requirements', including concepts such as the definition and design of business processes, user interfaces, reports or other elements of the solution relevant to stakeholders outside of the implementation team. Business analysts working in this context may prefer the term 'solution requirements' instead of 'design' in order to maintain a clear separation of responsibility.</p>
<p>Business analysts working in an information technology environment consider their tasks in light of three key factors: organizational change processes. proposed change.</p>
<p><strong>11.3.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="change-scope">Change Scope</h3>
<p>Changes to IT systems are initiated for several reasons.</p>
<p>Each of the following triggers can lead to an IT change:</p>
</section></body>
</html>