<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Business Acumen (p. 199),</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_209">
<p>9.3 Business Knowledge <strong>9.3</strong> Business knowledge is required for the business analyst to perform effectively within their business, industry, organization, solution, and methodology. Business knowledge enables the business analyst to better understand the overarching concepts that govern the structure, benefits, and value of the situation as it relates to a change or a need.</p>
<p>Business Knowledge underlying competencies include:</p>
<h2 id="business-acumen-p-199">• Business Acumen (p. 199),</h2>
<h2 id="industry-knowledge-p-200">• Industry Knowledge (p. 200),</h2>
<h2 id="organization-knowledge-p-201">• Organization Knowledge (p. 201),</h2>
<h3 id="solution-knowledge-p-202-and">• Solution Knowledge (p. 202), and</h3>
<p>• Methodology Knowledge (p. 202).</p>
<p><strong>9.3.1</strong></p>
<h2 id="business-acumen">Business Acumen</h2>
<h3 id="1-purpose">.1 Purpose</h3>
<p>Business analysis requires an understanding of fundamental business principles and best practices in order to ensure they are considered as solutions are reviewed.</p>
<h3 id="2-description">.2 Description</h3>
<p>Business acumen is the ability to understand business needs using experience and knowledge obtained from other situations. Organizations frequently share similar practices, such as legal and regulatory requirements, finance, logistics, sales, marketing, supply chain management, human resources, and technology.</p>
<p>Business acumen is the ability to understand and apply the knowledge based on these commonalities within differing situations.</p>
<p>Understanding how other organizations have solved challenges may be useful when seeking possible solutions. Being aware of the experiences or challenges encountered in the past may assist a business analyst in determining which information may be applicable to the current situation. Factors that may cause differences in practices can include industry, location, size of organization, culture, and the maturity of the organization.</p>
<h3 id="3-effectiveness-measures">.3 Effectiveness Measures</h3>
<p>Measures of effective business acumen include: • demonstrating the ability to recognize potential limitations and opportunities, • demonstrating the ability to recognize when changes to a situation may require a change in the direction of an initiative or effort,</p>
</section></body>
</html>