<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>SOW: See</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_463">
<p>SME: See software engineer: See solution: A specific way of satisfying one or more needs in a context. solution component: A sub-part of a solution that can be people, infrastructure, hardware, software, equipment, facilities, and process assets or any combination of these sub-parts. solution option: One possible way to satisfy one or more needs in a context. solution requirement: A capability or quality of a solution that meets the stakeholder requirements. Solution requirements can be divided into two sub-categories: functional requirements and non-functional requirements or quality of service requirements. solution life cycle: The stages through which a solution progresses from inception to retirement. solution scope: The set of capabilities a solution must deliver in order to meet the business need.</p>
<h3 id="sow-see">SOW: See</h3>
<p>sponsor: A stakeholder who is responsible for initiating the effort to define a business need and develop a solution that meets that need. They authorize the work to be performed and control the budget and scope for the initiative. stakeholder: A group or individual with a relationship to the change, the need, or the solution. stakeholder analysis: Identifying and analyzing the stakeholders who may be impacted by the change and assess their impact, participation, and needs throughout the business analysis activities. stakeholder list: A catalogue of the stakeholders affected by a change, business need, or proposed solution, and a description of their attributes and characteristics related to their involvement in the initiative. stakeholder proxy (business analyst): The role a business analyst takes when representing the needs of a stakeholder or stakeholder group. stakeholder requirement: A description of the needs of a particular stakeholder or class of stakeholders that must be met in order to achieve the business requirements. They may serve as a bridge between business requirements and the various categories of solution requirements. state diagram: An analysis model showing the life cycle of a data entity or class. stated requirement: A requirement articulated by a stakeholder that has not been analyzed, verified, or validated. Stated requirements frequently reflect the desires of a stakeholder rather than the actual need. statement of work (SOW): A written description of the services or tasks that are required to be performed.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-453">453</p>
</section></body>
</html>