<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_068">
<p>4.1.4 Elements <strong>4.1.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-understand-the-scope-of-elicitation">.1 Understand the Scope of Elicitation</h3>
<p>To determine the type of business analysis information to be discovered during the elicitation activity and the techniques that may be used, business analysts consider: • business domain, • overall corporate culture and environment, • stakeholder locations, • stakeholders who are involved and their group dynamics, • expected outputs the elicitation activities will feed, • skills of the business analysis practitioner, • other elicitation activities planned to complement this one, • strategy or solution approach, • scope of future solution, and • possible sources of the business analysis information that might feed into the specific elicitation activity.</p>
<p>Understanding the scope of the elicitation activity allows business analysts to respond if the activity strays from the intended scope. It also allows them to recognize if people and materials are not available in time, and when the activity is complete.</p>
<h3 id="2-select-elicitation-techniques">.2 Select Elicitation Techniques</h3>
<p>In most cases, multiple techniques are used during an elicitation activity. The techniques used depend on cost and time constraints, the types of business analysis information sources and their access, the culture of the organization, and the desired outcomes. The business analyst may also factor in the needs of the stakeholders, their availability, and their location (co-located or dispersed).</p>
<p>Choosing the right techniques and ensuring each technique is performed correctly is extremely important to the success of the elicitation activity. When selecting elicitation techniques, business analysts consider: • techniques commonly used in similar initiatives, • techniques specifically suited to the situation, and • the tasks needed to prepare, execute, and complete each technique.</p>
<p>Due to changing dynamics and situations, the business analyst may be required to adjust the initial selections by incorporating more appropriate techniques. A thorough understanding of the variety of techniques available assists the business analyst in adapting to changing circumstances.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-58">58</p>
</section></body>
</html>