<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Guidelines and Tools</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_133">
<p>6.3.5 Guidelines and Tools • pursue the benefits of a change while investing in reducing risk (likelihood and/or impact), • seek out ways to increase the benefits of a change to outweigh the risk, • identify ways to manage and optimize opportunities, and • do not pursue the benefits of a change.</p>
<p>If the change proceeds with risks, stakeholders should be identified to monitor the risks and consequences if the risk event occurs. The risk may alter the current state of the enterprise and require revision of the change strategy. A plan of action in this case may be developed before the risk materializes.</p>
<p><strong>6.3.5</strong></p>
<h2 id="guidelines-and-tools">Guidelines and Tools</h2>
<h2 id="business-analysis-approach">• Business Analysis Approach</h2>
<h3 id="business-policies">• Business Policies</h3>
<p>These may mandate or govern aspects of risk management.</p>
<h3 id="change-strategy">• Change Strategy</h3>
<p>future state and achieve the desired business outcomes. This approach must be assessed to understand risks associated with the change.</p>
<h3 id="current-state-description">• Current State Description</h3>
<p>to be completed. It can be used to determine risks associated with the current state.</p>
<h2 id="future-state-description">• Future State Description</h2>
<h3 id="identified-risks">• Identified Risks</h3>
<p>assessment. These can come from Risk Analysis Results, from elicitation activities, from previous business analysis experience, or based on expert opinion.</p>
<h3 id="stakeholder-engagement-approach">• Stakeholder Engagement Approach</h3>
<p>stakeholder groups helps identify and assess the potential impact of internal and external forces.</p>
<p><strong>6.3.6</strong></p>
<h2 id="brainstorming">• Brainstorming</h2>
<h3 id="business-cases">• Business Cases</h3>
<p>strategies.</p>
<h2 id="decision-analysis">• Decision Analysis</h2>
<h3 id="document-analysis">• Document Analysis</h3>
<p>constraints, assumptions, and dependencies.</p>
<h3 id="financial-analysis">• Financial Analysis</h3>
<p>financial value of the solution.</p>
<h3 id="interviews">• Interviews</h3>
<p>various factors of those risks.</p>
<h3 id="lessons-learned">• Lessons Learned</h3>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-123">123</p>
</section></body>
</html>