<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_148">
<p>7.1.4 Elements <strong>7.1.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-model-requirements">.1 Model Requirements</h3>
<p>A model is a descriptive and visual way to convey information to a specific audience in order to support analysis, communication, and understanding.</p>
<p>Models may also be used to confirm knowledge, identify information gaps that the business analyst may have, and identify duplicate information.</p>
<p>Business analysts choose from one or more of the following modelling formats: requirement or set of requirements that have a complex but uniform structure, which can be broken down into elements that apply to every entry in the table. Matrices may be used for data dictionaries, requirements traceability, or for gap analysis. Matrices are also used for prioritizing requirements and recording other requirements attributes and metadata. requirement or set of requirements. A diagram is especially useful to depict complexity in a way that would be difficult to do with words. Diagrams can also be used to define boundaries for business domains, to categorize and create hierarchies of items, and to show components of objects such as data and their relationships.</p>
<p>Using one or more of the model formats, business analysts determine specific categories and specific models within categories to be used. Model categories can include: roles, and their relationships within an enterprise and to a solution.</p>
<p>Techniques used to represent people and their roles include Organizational</p>
<h2 id="modelling-roles-and-permissions-matrix-and-stakeholder-list-map-or">Modelling, Roles and Permissions Matrix and Stakeholder List, Map, or</h2>
<h3 id="personas">Personas.</h3>
<p>represent the rationale include Decision Modelling, Scope Modelling, Business Model Canvas, Root Cause Analysis, and Business Rules Analysis. that may be taken. Techniques used to represent activity flows include Process Modelling, Use Cases and Scenarios, and User Stories. solution. Techniques used to represent capabilities include Business Capability Analysis, Functional Decomposition, and Prototyping. exchange of information within an enterprise or a solution. Techniques used to represent data and information include Data Dictionary, Data Flow</p>
<h2 id="diagrams-data-modelling-glossary-state-modelling-and-interface">Diagrams, Data Modelling, Glossary, State Modelling, and Interface</h2>
<h3 id="analysis">Analysis.</h3>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-138">138</p>
</section></body>
</html>