<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>A Guide to the Business Analysis Body of Knowledge</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_011">
<h2 id="a-guide-to-the-business-analysis-body-of-knowledge">A Guide to the Business Analysis Body of Knowledge</h2>
<p>globally recognized standard for the practice of business analysis. The</p>
<h3 id="guide">Guide</h3>
<p>competencies, techniques and perspectives on how to approach business analysis.</p>
<p><strong>1.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose-of-the-babok">Purpose of the BABOK</h3>
<p>The primary purpose of the analysis and provide a set of commonly accepted practices. It helps practitioners discuss and define the skills necessary to effectively perform business analysis work. The analysts to understand the skills and knowledge they should expect from a skilled practitioner.</p>
<p>Business analysis is a broad profession in which business analysts might perform work for many different types of initiatives across an enterprise. Practitioners may employ different competencies, knowledge, skills, terminology, and attitudes that they use when performing business analysis tasks. The common framework for all perspectives, describing business analysis tasks that are performed to properly analyze a change or evaluate the necessity for a change. Tasks may vary in form, order, or importance for individual business analysts or for various initiatives.</p>
<p>The six knowledge areas of the</p>
<h3 id="monitoring-elicitation-and-collaboration-requirements-life-cycle-management">Monitoring, Elicitation and Collaboration, Requirements Life Cycle Management,</h3>
<h3 id="strategy-analysis-requirements-analysis-and-design-definition-radd-and">Strategy Analysis, Requirements Analysis and Design Definition (RADD), and</h3>
</section></body>
</html>