<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Elements</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_231">
<p>10.2.3 Elements</p>
<p>Backlog Management In a managed backlog, the items at the top have the highest business value and the highest priority. These are normally the next items to be selected to be worked on.</p>
<p>Periodic review of the entire backlog should occur because changes in stakeholder needs and priorities may necessitate changes to the priority of some of the backlog items. In many environments, the backlog is reviewed at planned intervals.</p>
<p>The changes to the number of items in the backlog are regularly monitored. The root causes for these changes are investigated: a growing backlog could indicate an increase in demand or a drop in productivity; a declining backlog could indicate a drop in demand or improvements in the production process.</p>
<p>There may be more than one backlog. For example, one backlog may be used to manage a global set of items, while a second backlog may be used to manage the items that are due to be worked on within the very near future.</p>
<p><strong>10.2.3</strong></p>
<h2 id="elements">Elements</h2>
<h3 id="1-items-in-the-backlog">.1 Items in the Backlog</h3>
<p>Backlog items may be any kind of item which may have work associated with it.</p>
<p>A backlog may contain, but is not limited to, any combination of the following items: • use cases, • change requests, • user stories, • defects, • functional requirements, • planned rework, • non-functional requirements, • maintenance, • designs, • conducting a presentation, or • customer orders, • completing a document.</p>
<p>• risk items, An item is added to the backlog if it has value to a stakeholder. There may be one person with the authority to add new items to the backlog, or there could be a committee which adds new items based on a consensus. In some cases, the responsibility for adding new items may be delegated to the business analyst.</p>
<p>There may also be policies and rules which dictate what is to be added and when, as may be the case with major product defects.</p>
<h3 id="2-prioritization">.2 Prioritization</h3>
<p>Items in the backlog are prioritized relative to each other. Over time, these priorities will change as stakeholders’ priorities change, or as dependencies between backlog items emerge. Rules on how to manage the backlog may also impact priority.</p>
<p>A multi-phased prioritization approach can also be used. When items are first added to the backlog, the prioritization may be very broad, using categories such</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-221">221</p>
</section></body>
</html>