<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Usage Considerations</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_297">
<p>10.23.4 Usage Considerations</p>
<p>Interface Analysis The creation of a glossary should take place in the early stages of a project in order to facilitate knowledge transfer and understanding. A point of contact responsible for the maintenance and distribution of the glossary throughout the initiative is identified. Organizations that maintain glossaries often find additional uses for this information and are able to leverage the glossary for future initiatives.</p>
<p>Consider the following when developing a glossary: • definitions should be clear, concise, and brief, • acronyms should be spelled out if used in a definition, • stakeholders should have easy and reliable access to glossaries, and • the editing of a glossary should be limited to specific stakeholders.</p>
<p><strong>10.23.4</strong></p>
<h2 id="usage-considerations">Usage Considerations</h2>
<h3 id="1-strengths">.1 Strengths</h3>
<p>• A glossary promotes common understanding of the business domain and better communication among all stakeholders.</p>
<p>• Capturing the definitions as part of an enterprise's documentation provides a single reference and encourages consistency.</p>
<p>• Simplifies the writing and maintenance of other business analysis information including but not limited to requirements, business rules, and change strategy.</p>
<h3 id="2-limitations">.2 Limitations</h3>
<p>• A glossary requires an owner to perform timely maintenance, otherwise it becomes outdated and may be ignored.</p>
<p>• It may be challenging for different stakeholders to agree on a single definition for a term.</p>
<p><strong>10.24</strong></p>
<h3 id="interface-analysis">Interface Analysis</h3>
<p><strong>10.24.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>Interface analysis is used to identify where, what, why, when, how, and for whom information is exchanged between solution components or across solution boundaries.</p>
<p><strong>10.24.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>An interface is a connection between two components or solutions. Most solutions require one or more interfaces to exchange information with other solution components, organizational units, or business processes.</p>
</section></body>
</html>