<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Domain Subject Matter Expert</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_081">
<p>4.4.8 Outputs</p>
<h3 id="domain-subject-matter-expert">• Domain Subject Matter Expert</h3>
<p>information as part of confirming and validating it throughout the change initiative.</p>
<h3 id="implementation-subject-matter-expert">• Implementation Subject Matter Expert</h3>
<p>understand the business analysis information, particularly requirements and designs, for implementation purposes.</p>
<h3 id="tester">• Tester</h3>
<p>particularly requirements and designs for testing purposes.</p>
<p><strong>• Any stakeholder</strong> communicated with at some point during the change initiative.</p>
<p><strong>4.4.8</strong></p>
<h3 id="outputs">Outputs</h3>
<h2 id="business-analysis-information-communicated">• Business Analysis Information (communicated)</h2>
<p>information is considered communicated when the target stakeholders have reached an understanding of its content and implications.</p>
<p><strong>4.5</strong> <strong>4.5.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>The purpose of Manage Stakeholder Collaboration is to encourage stakeholders to work towards a common goal.</p>
<p><strong>4.5.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Business analysis work lends itself to many collaboration opportunities between groups of stakeholders on the business analysis work products. Stakeholders hold various degrees of influence and authority over the approval of work products, and are also an important source of needs, constraints, and assumptions. As the business analysis work progresses, the business analyst identifies stakeholders, confirms their roles, and communicates with them to ensure that the right stakeholders participate at the right times and in the appropriate roles.</p>
<p>Managing stakeholder collaboration is an ongoing activity. Although managing stakeholder collaboration begins once stakeholders have been identified and analyzed, new stakeholders may be identified at any point during an initiative. As new stakeholders are identified, their role, influence, and relationship to the initiative are analyzed. Each stakeholder's role, responsibility, influence, attitude, and authority may change over time.</p>
<p>The more significant the impact of the change or its visibility within the organization, the more attention is directed to managing stakeholder collaboration. Business analysts manage stakeholder collaboration to capitalize on positive reactions, and mitigate or avoid negative reactions. The business analyst should constantly monitor and assess each stakeholder’s attitude to determine if it might affect their involvement in the business analysis activities.</p>
</section></body>
</html>