<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Interviews</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_183">
<p>8.2.7 Stakeholders</p>
<h3 id="interviews">• Interviews</h3>
<p>performance from an individual or small group's perspective.</p>
<h3 id="metrics-and-key-performance-indicators-kpis">• Metrics and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)</h3>
<p>performance, especially when judging how well a solution contributes to achieving goals.</p>
<h3 id="observation">• Observation</h3>
<p>provide definitive conclusions.</p>
<h3 id="risk-analysis-and-management">• Risk Analysis and Management</h3>
<p>modify the risks, and to manage the risks on an ongoing basis.</p>
<h3 id="root-cause-analysis">• Root Cause Analysis</h3>
<p>variance.</p>
<h3 id="survey-or-questionnaire">• Survey or Questionnaire</h3>
<p>its perceived performance.</p>
<p><strong>8.2.7</strong></p>
<h2 id="stakeholders">Stakeholders</h2>
<h3 id="domain-subject-matter-expert">• Domain Subject Matter Expert</h3>
<p>data for analyzing solution performance.</p>
<h3 id="project-manager">• Project Manager</h3>
<p>and may participate in risk analysis for new or changed solutions.</p>
<h3 id="sponsor">• Sponsor</h3>
<p>a solution. They will make decisions about the significance of expected versus actual solution performance.</p>
<p><strong>8.2.8</strong></p>
<h2 id="outputs">Outputs</h2>
<h3 id="solution-performance-analysis">• Solution Performance Analysis</h3>
<p>collected and recommendations to solve performance gaps and leverage opportunities to improve value.</p>
<p><strong>8.3</strong> <strong>8.3.1</strong></p>
<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>
<p>The purpose of Assess Solution Limitations is to determine the factors internal to the solution that restrict the full realization of value.</p>
<p><strong>8.3.2</strong></p>
<h3 id="description">Description</h3>
<p>Assessing solution limitations identifies the root causes for under-performing and ineffective solutions and solution components.</p>
<h3 id="assess-solution-limitations-is-closely-linked-to-the-task-assess-enterprise">Assess Solution Limitations is closely linked to the task Assess Enterprise</h3>
<p>Limitations (p. 177). These tasks may be performed concurrently. If the solution</p>
</section></body>
</html>