<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Personal Accountability (p. 195),</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_204">
<p>9.2 Behavioural Characteristics <strong>9.2</strong> Behavioural characteristics are not unique to business analysis but they have been found to increase personal effectiveness in the practice of business analysis. These characteristics exist at the core of every business analyst’s skill set. Each of the behavioural characteristics described here can impact the outcome of the practitioner's efforts.</p>
<p>The core competencies of behavioural characteristics focus on the skills and behaviours that allow a business analyst to gain the trust and respect of stakeholders. Business analysts do this by consistently acting in an ethical manner, completing tasks on time and to expectations, efficiently delivering quality results, and demonstrating adaptability to changing needs and circumstances.</p>
<p>Behavioural Characteristics core competencies include: • Ethics (p. 194),</p>
<h3 id="personal-accountability-p-195">• Personal Accountability (p. 195),</h3>
<p>• Trustworthiness (p. 195),</p>
<h3 id="organization-and-time-management-p-196-and">• Organization and Time Management (p. 196), and</h3>
<p>• Adaptability (p. 197).</p>
<p><strong>9.2.1</strong></p>
<h2 id="ethics">Ethics</h2>
<h3 id="1-purpose">.1 Purpose</h3>
<p>Behaving ethically and thinking of ethical impacts on others allows business analysts to earn the respect of the stakeholders. The ability to recognize when a proposed solution or requirement may present ethical difficulties to an organization or its stakeholders is an important consideration that business analysts can use to help reduce exposure to risk.</p>
<h3 id="2-definition">.2 Definition</h3>
<p>Ethics require an understanding and focus on fairness, consideration, and moral behaviour through business analysis activities and relationships. Ethical behaviour includes consideration of the impact that a proposed solution can have on all stakeholder groups and working to ensure that those groups are treated as fairly as possible. Fair treatment does not require that the outcome be beneficial to a particular stakeholder group, but it does require that the affected stakeholders understand the reasons for decisions. Awareness of ethical issues allows business analysts to identify when ethical dilemmas occur and recommend resolutions to these dilemmas.</p>
<h3 id="3-effectiveness-measures">.3 Effectiveness Measures</h3>
<p>Measures of effective ethical behaviour include: • prompt identification and resolution of ethical dilemmas, • feedback from stakeholders confirming they feel decisions and actions are transparent and fair,</p>
</section></body>
</html>