<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Organizational Modelling (p. 308)</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_412">
<p>It is important that the context of the analysis work is understood. This includes understanding the inter-operation of software systems, business processes, and the data that is passed from one system to the next. Changes to any single system or process may have a ripple effect that brings additional systems, processes, or stakeholder groups into the scope of the initiative.</p>
<p>The IT business analyst may be embedded within a software team. This approach allows the business analyst to become quite knowledgeable about specific software or processes supported by the software. Stakeholder attitudes and needs may change or shift in regards to each particular change. Roles, collaboration, and communication plans are planned for every change effort.</p>
<p>COTS solutions can involve major systems integration efforts, customizations, and many unexpected tasks due to the introduction of external software. When planning for unknown impacts and unknown customization needs, business analysts engage both internal stakeholders who understand the needs of the change, and external stakeholders who have expertise with the COTS solution being implemented.</p>
<h2 id="organizational-modelling-p-308">• Organizational Modelling (p. 308)</h2>
<h2 id="backlog-management-p-220">• Backlog Management (p. 220)</h2>
<h2 id="roles-and-permissions-matrix">• Roles and Permissions Matrix</h2>
<h3 id="document-analysis-p-269">• Document Analysis (p. 269)</h3>
<p>(p. 333) • Estimation (p. 271)</p>
<h2 id="scope-modelling-p-338">• Scope Modelling (p. 338)</h2>
<h2 id="functional-decomposition-p-283">• Functional Decomposition (p. 283)</h2>
<h2 id="stakeholder-list-map-or-personas">• Stakeholder List, Map, or Personas</h2>
<h3 id="item-tracking-p-294">• Item Tracking (p. 294)</h3>
<p>(p. 344)</p>
<h3 id="metrics-and-key-performance">• Metrics and Key Performance</h3>
<p>Indicators (KPIs) (p. 297)</p>
<h3 id="2-elicitation-and-collaboration">.2 Elicitation and Collaboration</h3>
<p>Information technology changes frequently affect many stakeholders with distinct relationships to the solution or change. When a change involves an IT application or system, the technical staff may have expertise, perspectives, or experience that can identify additional impacts to systems or processes as requirements and solutions are defined. For this reason, it is beneficial to have at least one elicitation session with IT technical personnel, such as development or technical design staff, and business SMEs in the same room at the same time. This type of elicitation approach provides a platform for collaboration between technical and business teams, where the IT business analyst serves as a facilitator and liaison for the process.</p>
<p>Business analysts practicing in an IT environment may utilize any of the techniques identified in the Elicitation and Collaboration knowledge area.</p>
<p>Additionally, the following methods can be of great benefit in the information technology discipline: competitive analysis, functional specifications, and observation,</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-402">402</p>
</section></body>
</html>