<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>• Purpose</title>
<link href="style/default.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body><section id="section-chapter_016">
<p>activities as assigned by their organization, but these additional activities are not considered to be part of the business analysis profession.</p>
<p>Tasks are grouped into knowledge areas. Business analysts perform tasks from all knowledge areas sequentially, iteratively, or simultaneously. The does not prescribe a process or an order in which tasks are performed. Tasks may be performed in any order, as long as the necessary inputs to a task are present.</p>
<p>A business analysis initiative may start with any task, although likely candidates are Analyze Current State (p. 103) or Measure Solution Performance (p. 166).</p>
<p>Each task in the</p>
<h2 id="purpose">• Purpose</h2>
<h2 id="description">• Description</h2>
<h2 id="inputs">• Inputs</h2>
<h2 id="elements">• Elements</h2>
<h2 id="guidelinestools">• Guidelines/Tools</h2>
<h2 id="techniques">• Techniques</h2>
<h2 id="stakeholders">• Stakeholders</h2>
<h2 id="outputs">• Outputs</h2>
<h3 id="1-purpose">.1 Purpose</h3>
<p>The Purpose section provides a short description of the reason for a business analyst to perform the task, and the value created through performing the task.</p>
<h3 id="2-description">.2 Description</h3>
<p>The Description section explains in greater detail what the task is, why it is performed, and what it should accomplish.</p>
<h3 id="3-inputs">.3 Inputs</h3>
<p>The Inputs section lists the inputs for the task. Inputs are information consumed or transformed to produce an output, and represent the information necessary for a task to begin. They may be explicitly generated outside the scope of business analysis or generated by a business analysis task. Inputs that are generated outside of the business analysis efforts are identified with the qualifier '(external)' in the input list.</p>
<p>There is no assumption that the presence of an input means that the associated deliverable is complete or in its final state. The input only needs to be sufficiently complete to allow successive work to begin. Any number of instances of an input may exist during the life cycle of an initiative.</p>
<p>The Inputs section includes a visual representation of the inputs and outputs, the other tasks that use the outputs, as well as the guidelines and tools listed in the task.</p>
<p class="exercise-marker" id="exercise-6">6</p>
</section></body>
</html>